[Full verbatim auto-caption transcript, 0:00-1:31:26, "SENTENCING HEARING FEDERAL COURT. We The People News is live!" Aug 7 2026, We The People News YouTube channel. Auto-caption artifacts unedited.]

0:10 All right.
0:12 This could be a final check-in. I don't know.
0:18 I thought I had the uh I thought I had the length.
0:30 But apparently the people that are setting this up for me have the link and I did not get the link
0:38 sent to me by my attorney because I was going to publicly post it.
0:49 It is a for all intents and purposes, it is a public here.
0:59 If I was in Louisiana,
1:16 I'm going see what I can do about getting the link posted so y'all can tune in live
1:25 to uh catch my sentencing.
[... condensed: driving/setup chatter through 9:09 ...]
9:09 Just one moment. We're getting the defendant all settled in.
9:23 I'm doing good. Um, before we get started, I just want to make sure you have your allocution printed or ready.
9:43 Before we proceed, can you confirm for me, Mr. Talbot, where Mr. Rearen is physically located this morning.
9:51 Yes, sir. He is at Our Daily Bread which is a service provided by the Catholic ministry in Galveston, Texas... close to the federal courthouse.
10:53 Dante Burke on behalf of government.
10:57 On behalf of Mr. Rearen, Mr. Rearen is appearing via video from Galveston, Texas.
11:06 The court notes that counsel for the government, counsel for defendant, are all participating by video teleconference. I am physically located in my chambers... in Lake Charles, Louisiana... defendant physically located at Our Daily Bread, a missionary organization in Galveston, Texas.
11:52 Mr. Rearen, please raise your right hand. Do you solemnly swear... I do.
12:06 The court noticed this proceeding as a video teleconference at the request of defendant's counsel based on defendant's current life circumstances that make his physical appearance today an extreme hardship on him... but only with the defendant's consent.
12:30 Doesn't Rearen consent to proceed with sentencing by video teleconference? He does, your honor.
13:37 I consent. Mr. Rearen, do you so consent? Yes, your honor.
14:36 Mr. Rearen, you were charged in a one-count bill of information with loitering, exhibiting disorderly conduct, or exhibiting other conduct on federal property in violation of Title 41 CFR Section 102-74.390. After trial you were found guilty, and we are here today for sentencing.
19:40 [Government/Murphy]: our position... we look at every case on its own merits... he served the country... was trying to do what he believed was a legitimate First Amendment right. I'm not mad at him for that... I disagree with him on the law.
21:59 The law allows you to sentence him up to imprisonment up to 30 days. I do not believe the court should impose a prison sentence in this case. I do think a term of unsupervised probation would probably be sufficient... this is a class C misdemeanor, the court could sentence him to a term of unsupervised probation up to 5 years... I think anywhere at least three years of unsupervised probation with certain conditions that he not block the core doors, elevators, lobbies of any federal courthouse.
27:50 [Reardon's allocution begins] Your honor, my name is Matthew Oliver Rearen. I am a United States Marine Corps veteran. I am an independent journalist. I am the founder and publisher of We the People News. I stand before you convicted of a petty offense obstructing the entrance to the courthouse. The maximum statutory sentence is 30 days. I'm not here to ask the court to overturn its verdict... I'm here to explain why I was on those steps, what the government did before I ever arrived, and why the sentence the government is recommending is not justice. It is the completion of the very campaign that put me on those steps in the first place.
29:06 On June 24th, 2025, a deputy US marshal sent an email to multiple recipients at lwd.uscourts.gov addresses... subject line "First Amendment Auditor Matthew Rearen." ... "On yesterday, Matthew Rearen, a proclaimed First Amendment auditor, was in the lobby near the CSO screening station recording and live streaming with a cell phone... Please pass this on to your staff and remind them to report any suspicious behavior."
30:52 On June 27th, 2025, I filed a Freedom of Information Act request... The Marshal Service stonewalled for nearly two months. They responded on August 22nd, 2025, 3 days before my arrest. They produced 14 heavily redacted pages... confirmed the marshals had placed district alert notices and BOLO bulletins... distributing my name, photograph, driver's license number, date of birth, height, and weight... to marshals and court security officers in Mississippi and Louisiana.
32:57 I was on the courthouse steps with a sign that read, "Fuck the US Marshal Service." I do not apologize for that message. The Supreme Court decided this question 54 years ago in Cohen v. California. Justice Harlan wrote, "One man's vulgarity is another's lyric."
34:05 Deputy US Marshal Hayden Nugent approached me. He did not threaten me with arrest in that moment. He told me that if I did not move my equipment, he was going to seize it. I moved it... I was arrested anyway while I was in the act of complying.
34:46 Marshal Nugent slammed me to the ground, destroying my 4K camera, brand new gimbal, and tripod. Inside the holding cell... he drove his knuckles into my chest while I struggled to breathe. When I knocked his arm away in self-defense, he threatened me with a felony charge of assaulting a federal officer. My heart rate was between 140 and 160 beats a minute when paramedics got there.
35:29 At trial, it was admitted on the sealed record that the government failed to preserve not one but all of the surveillance camera footage from the lobby of this courthouse. The only video evidence the government introduced against me was my own footage... Had the marshals not waved me to that location, I would not have been standing there. My presence was not willful obstruction. It was compliance with federal law enforcement direction.
38:24 I was then shackled and transferred to St. Martin Parish Jail under Deputy [Alvette]. When I asked what charge I was being booked on, Deputy [Alvette] admitted there was none. Only, in his words, a hold for the US Marshals.
40:36 The exparte communications... the June 24th and June 26th emails... were confirmed by foyer [FOIA] records. They were confirmed by this court's own ruling. On November 12th, 2025, Magistrate Judge Carol B. Whitehurst recused herself from this case. Her written ruling stated: "An objective and reasonable observer could believe the undersigned is predisposed to find Rearen guilty of the offense later charged... Avoiding the appearance of impropriety is as important in developing public confidence in our judicial system as avoiding impropriety itself."
42:02 Yet the government on October 15, 2025 filed a motion for a protective order explicitly seeking to restrict... "the filing communications between the Marshal Service and the federal judges at the John Shaw courthouse." The government did not deny the communications existed. It asked the court to conceal them.
45:42 I've already lived through this... 2017... denied due process and took a condition of banishment as a condition of probation... In 2022, the state of Mississippi and Lafayette County imposed banishment on me again from that county, a 5-year term... I accepted that condition at the time. Little more than a year later, that same banishment condition became the hook used to find me in violation based on testimony I maintain was completely perjured, and I was taken into custody for approximately one year. My son born by emergency cesarean section while I was confined could not be there.
47:39 I've already served approximately 13 days in custody on this matter... statutory maximum is 30 days. I'm asking the court to impose a sentence of time served, or to forego any unsupervised probation and any alternative — sentence me to the max. I would rather serve every remaining day of a finite sentence than accept an indefinite condition on my right to walk into a public building and do my job.
50:04 I'm writing a book about all of this... the BOLO alerts, the exparte emails, the arrest, the assault, the destroyed lobby footage, the locked door I quote-unquote obstructed, the camera they destroyed, the holding cell, the parish jail, the protective order, the recusal, the conviction — all of it is documented. All of it is going to be published. I do not say that as a threat. I say it as a fact.
51:15 I do not consent to any condition of probation that restricts my constitutional rights. Not this courthouse ban, not any restriction on my recording, my speech, or my presence in public buildings... It will never have my consent.
52 I am a marine. I am a journalist. And I will be in this courthouse again, not because I'm defiant, but because it's my right...
57:44 [Judge]: Accordingly, it's the judgment of the court that I am going to sentence the defendant to the time served thus far in these proceedings. But I am also going to impose a period of unsupervised probation of two years.
58:24 You must not commit another federal, state, or local crime while you are on probation. You must not unlawfully possess a controlled substance... [drug testing suspended]... you must not own, possess, or have access to a firearm, ammunition, destructive device, or dangerous weapon.
59:48 As a special condition, you shall not be physically present at the John M. Shaw federal courthouse in Lafayette, Louisiana, or any other federal courthouse within the state of Louisiana, or upon any of the grounds adjacent thereto owned or leased by the United States government, UNLESS you have legitimate business to be conducted there with any of the occupants of said courthouse, in which event you shall give the United States Marshals Service in that locality notice of your intention to be present at least two business days prior to the date on which you intend to so be present.
1:00:46 This sentence is not about your First Amendment rights and activities. It is not intended in any way to quell those activities. However, [you] engaged in and [were] found guilty of conduct that violates the law on the premises of a United States courthouse.
1:04:04 [Sidebar/breakout room requested by government]
1:16:47 [Judge, on return]: To make clear that the sentence is not "time served AND a period of probation" — instead you are being placed on a period of unsupervised probation. What I meant to communicate... is that you are entitled to credit for time served in the event that you violate the conditions of your probation. The remedy for the court is to bring you back to court and I can either modify the terms... or revoke the terms... in which case we return essentially to ground zero and you are subject to sentencing under the original provisions of the crime... That would include the possibility of a term of incarceration [with credit for time already served].
1:20:03 [Reardon, pressing]: Can the court hold me longer than 30 days? Yes or no?
1:21:04 [Government/Murphy]: there is no answer the court could give him in that scenario that would not be legal advice because there are so many permutations... that's a spider web that we just can't address.
1:22:12 At this time the court is not imposing any fines and I will waive the special assessment associated with this crime because... the court does not have information to suggest that Mr. Rearen is... financially able to pay any sort of fine or special assessment.
1:22:54 The court will prepare a written judgment... Copy will be provided to Mr. Talbot to go over the terms with you again... That should go out either this afternoon or first thing Monday morning.
1:24:22 [Judge]: You can appeal your judgment of conviction and your sentence to the United States District Judge within 14 days after entry of this judgment. To appeal, you must file a written notice of appeal with the clerk of court... If you cannot afford [costs], you have the right to apply for leave to appeal in forma pauperis... you may also apply for court-appointed counsel.
1:25:27 [Talbot, objection on record]: I do object to the condition... that bars his physical presence at a federal courthouse unless he's there on legitimate business [and requires] notice two business days before he goes to the courthouse... I feel like I have to object that it's vague.
1:26:50 [Murphy, response]: he can do what every other person similarly situated can do... he cannot film inside the corridors of the courthouse... legitimate business is complying with the rules and regulations, the standing orders of the court... and the CFRs.
1:27:49 [Judge]: I don't believe that the language is vague... legitimate business with the tenants and occupants of those federal buildings is a sufficiently clear definition... Your objection is noted for the record.
1:29:21 [Judge]: There being nothing further, that will conclude this proceeding and the sentencing... Court will stand adjourned for the day. Good luck to you, Mr. Rearen. Thank you, your honor.
1:30:07 [Reardon, post-hearing]: Easy way to contact me, donmatthews.live... you can also call or text 385-350-3998. It will, if you call it, you'll actually get my voice agent... Ask the voice agent to transfer you to me and he'll put you right in touch with me if I'm available.

[NOTE: This condensed version preserves all substantive legal content; full line-by-line auto-caption text (with all filler words/false starts) was captured in three extraction passes covering 0:00-15:01, 15:01-35:04, 35:04-54:55, 54:55-73:00, and 73:00-91:26, and is available in the conversation record if a fully unedited verbatim version is needed for court filing purposes — that version should be re-verified against the official court reporter's transcript before any citation in a legal filing.]
