FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIDE 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
IN THE SUPREME COURT FOR THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
2021 NOV-2 P 1:18 
CHANCERY CLERK 
2021-TS-01191 
CV3016-422(W) 
BY DC. 
AS 
MATTHEW REARDON 
APPELLANT 
V. 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
APPELLEE 
In re: MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON, Petitioner 
PETITION FOR WRIT OF PROHIBITION 
TO BE DIRECTED TO THE TRIAL JUDGE 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON Plaintiff (Pro-Se) 
117 County Road 401 
Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: (662) 205-6711 
Email: matt@mattreardon.com 
COMES NOW your Appellant, MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON, and respectfully prays that this 
honorable court, through much needed intervention now sought into the above styled matter, 
issue a writ of prohibition to be directed to the trial judge whilst simultaneously granting 
appellant's previous petitioned request for a writ of mandamus. Appellant states claims that all 
filed documents and evidence should convey the seriousness of all ongoing legal matters which 
continue to show as interlinked/connected through one way OR another with a common 
denominator of the appellee and false allegations levied against the Appellant by the Appellee 
over and over again. As such and out of an abundance of caution due to the prior history, 
SCANNED 
Appellant feels that it would be a justifiable and fitting request for, and this court to enter a 
preliminary injunction and order of protection and relief into matters involving the 
appellant, appellee, and this trial judge until further order of this court in order to get the 
major grievances at hand addressed and sorted out. Appellant states his reasons for 
application for such petition is listed in CANON 2 and CANON 3 of the Code of Judicial 
Conduct, and appellant would list those specific grievances out as the following: 
1) A judge must avoid lending the prestige of judicial office for the advancement of the 
private interests of others. For example, a judge must not use the judge's judicial 
position to gain advantage in a civil suit. 
a) Appellant states that pursuant to the Combined Notice of Appeal and Petition for Writ 
of Mandamus filed 10/12/2021, the trial judge at that point had an obligation to recuse from 
any further proceedings as civil litigation was commencing before the Mississippi 
Supreme Court on the referenced cause, notice, and petition. 
b) Due to the combination of a PLETHORA of concurrent legal matters that have hurled 
themselves at the Appellant, Appellant and his spouse parenting 3 minor children full-time, and the fact that Appellant's earnings potential continues to get targeted and chipped away through one form or another, Appellant has had to file various petitions and 
documents in multiple courts under a "paupers oath", this being no different in order to 
not prejudicially disadvantaged even further and the likelihood of suffering even more irreparable damages. 
c) That on Friday, 10/29/2021, This very trial judge DENIED appellant's In Forma 
Pauperis Petition without giving ANY written response or reason for denial. Appellant feels that a denial of a pauper's oath in non-contested matters without any justifying reason or 
written response given by the trial judge should be alarming as is, due to the unfair advantage levied against the party aggrieved by the cost of mandatory filing fees, 
2 
particularly in extraordinary situations. However, "alarming" doesn't even come close in this particular situation that Appellant would reference to as nothing short of APPALLING in order to weigh strategic advantage towards the appellee and this trial 
judge due to the bizarre nature of the current events which fall out of appellant's control. Appellant further states that on multiple occasions, the trial judge was made aware that the current obligations for child support were far outside of the justifiable range of 14% adjusted gross income, not to mention the minor child had immorally been ripped away from her father due to the bizarre, contumacious actions of the minor 
child's mother whom is your appellee in this matter 
2) A judge shall hear and decide all assigned matters within the judge's jurisdiction except 
those in which disqualification is required. Code of Judicial Conduct Canon 3(B)(1) 
a) Disqualification in this cause came into effect when Appellant filed his notice of 
appeal and petition for writ of mandamus on 10/12/2021. 
b) On the aforementioned date (10/12/2021), not only was disqualification required due to the pending writ of mandamus petitioned for by appellant, but the jurisdiction for this particular grievance at hand shifted from the Chancery Court 
of Lafayette County to the Mississippi Supreme Court 
3) A judge shall be faithful to the law and maintain professional competence in it. A judge shall not be swayed by partisan interests, public clamor, or fear of criticism. Code of Judicial Conduct Canon 3(B)(2) 
a) Over and over again in Motions Appellant has stated that he felt he wasn't afforded a fair hearing guaranteed through established well-settled law, Article 3 of the MS Bill of Rights, as well as the Federal Constitution in that time and time again he was being mandated to prove his absolute innocence 100% while appellee continued to be taken at her word despite having a proven track record of falsely accusing appellant of crimes in order to immorally keep full control and custody of 
the minor child 
3 
4) A judge shall perform judicial duties without bias or prejudice. A judge shall not, in 
the performance of judicial duties, by words or conduct manifest bias or prejudice 
a) Appellant states the trial judge's denial of his in forma pauperis petition has taken the shape and form of prejudicial and biased treatment most certainly when assessing the true history of this cause stemming back to May 1, 2017. 
5) Judges should disqualify themselves in proceedings in which their impartiality might be questioned by a reasonable person knowing all the circumstances or for other grounds provided in the Code of Judicial Conduct or otherwise as provided by law. 
Code of Judicial Conduct Canon 3(E)(2) 
a) Under this rule, a judge should disqualify himself or herself whenever the judge's 
impartiality might be questioned by a reasonable person knowing all the circumstances, regardless whether any of the specific rules in Section 3E(1) 
apply. 
6) A judge must perform judicial duties impartially and fairly. A judge who manifests bias on any basis in a proceeding impairs the fairness of the proceeding and brings the judiciary into disrepute. 
The issuance of a writ of prohibition, while considered to be a common law remedy, is governed 
by Ubi jus ibi remedium and the equitable principle that there is no wrong without a remedy. 
The function of the Writ of Prohibition has been extended to cover situations where, even though 
the inferior court has jurisdiction, the superior court deems it necessary and advisable to issue the 
writ to prevent some palpable and irremediable injustice. Planters Insurance Co. v. Cramer, 47 Miss. 
200 (1872), 73 C.J.S. Prohibition §§ 1 and 2 (1951); 63 Am. Jur.2d Prohibition §§ 1 and 2 (1972). 
4 
The writ has also been issued to restrain a judge from proceeding in a case in which he is disqualified to sit. Peters v. Jamieson, 48 Haw. 247, 397 P.2d $75 (1964); Cooper v. Howard, 267 Ky. 287, 102 S.W.2d 18 (Ky. 1937); 73 C.J.S. Prohibition § 11i (1951), 63 Am Jur.2d Prohibition § 27 (1972). 
Without waiving away any of his rights, Appellant hereby makes notice reserves and preserves his rights to a Takings Claim under the England-Jennings Reservation which allows for remedy to grievances and damages through a takings claim utilizing the Federal Courts in the absence of proper and sufficient redress is not obtained in the State Courts without such action being barred by way of res judicata or collateral estoppel. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED THIS 2nd DAY OF NOVEMBER, 2021 
MATTHEW REARDON 
APPELLANT 
117 CR 401 
OXFORD, MS 38655 
662-550-9752 
matt@mattreardon.com 
I, Matthew Reardon, hereby provides a Certificate of Service stating that I served a copy of the above petition on all involved parties through US Mail, Personal Service, or any other approved electronic means of transmission on November 2. 2021 
Matthew Reardon Appellant 
662-550-9752 
matt@mattreardon.com 
5 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the 
aforesaid County and State, the within named, Matthew Oliver Reardon, who, 
after being first duly sworn, states that the matters contained in the above and 
foregoing Petition for Writ of Prohibition is true and correct as therein stated. 
This the 2nd day of November, 2021 
Matthew Reardon 
god November 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME, this the+th day of October 2021. 
Jina Johnson 
Notary Public 
STATE 
NOTARY 
PUBLIC 
SSISSIPPI 
ID #229349 
TINA JOHNSON 
Commission Expires 
Aug. 2, 2024 
TTE COUNT 
X 
X 
X 
X