Source file: 20200623 155543-27F8FB68.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch9 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)

Hey. How are you? Yeah. I need an emergency injunction. Don't have time For Don't have the money. We have to call it so get credit court properly. Right. Well, I understand that. But as far as somebody that is... I mean, this this shit, it's it's unbelievable. It's it's it's so criminal, and these people are never held responsible for it, only conservatives. The only people that are that are right wing conservatives. Are ever charged with this bullshit. But cindy me Brown, the the Ed meats daughter who who owned hottodd.com. She already destroyed my employment and my wife's employment to cut off our source of income. And then to make matters worse. She goes around, she's she's she's saying that that my wife is doing a scam or we're doing a scam, and then and then she's publishing. Now she's publishing our whereabouts where we're staying, and and got three kids. Okay? And and these people are crazy. Nuts. And it's gotta be stopped. I mean, I've... I was charged... I was charged for a crime. I never committed. Never committed the Fbi I knew. I didn't commit the sheriff's department. I didn't submit it. But it was all political. These people on the left seemingly always get away with it. Can do whatever they want have free rain without consequences. And and I'm I'm I'm done with that. This is this is putting my family at risk. Okay. If will your. I mean, what do you... What do you recommend as far as for time sake? And then, also, quite frankly. I don't I don't have... I don't have the money. I mean, what do you recommend that I do? I mean, is that the best route to go? And and, honestly, I don't have the extra money to go and and freaking and pay to start a file? My I mean, that's crazy. That's crazy because the one woman that cut off my source of spin income in my life. She gets to run around doing whatever she wants to do, whatever that? Hell she wants to do. Publishing where we're staying. And now... Because I don't have the extra money to file. There's... The county is is gapping it off, really? County is gap that off. Like, okay. Because you don't the money to file an injunction to actually open up a civil case filing. In this disgusting liberal it gets to go around like the best around I I can't my Right. I understand that. And I said, you know, me not having the money to file. Okay? So I mean... Am I supposed to see I was demon ice for carrying a gun back in 2017, But this is exactly why I was carrying a gun to defend to against these crazy bastards that wanna... I mean, it's crazy. I never want one on the offensive. It was always strictly for events back in 2017. And now I can't I can't find any help whenever the same nonsense is going on. I don't know. I mean, there's either go out of proper those to see if you don't have to pay a? Sure. Thanks. But you got file something for the court to be able to. Okay. I'll fill I'm I'm on the way to Chance Court right now. I just pulled on the square. So... What is the proper whatever? The the clerk has it and then he gotta a he gotta show easy he gotta show that you have and judge approve. Okay. Well, it's easy enough. So I don't have any income. I mean... That that should be kinda like a innocent until proven guilty? Or is it or that backwards because I was guilty until proven them that before. I that honey. You can fill out of proper in this file from the circle. Gotcha. I'm highly upset about this because it's like, it's strictly political Like, the... This this thing. This city operates down partisan lines, and it's it's absolutely ridiculous. It's... The court should be ashamed, honestly. Because the court has has gone down party lines as well. Okay. Sir. You headed to the mark's office? I am. Okay Thanks. Bye.