Source file: 1nI8gCcS3Mxa_vYJAKXw7Ae0sQIxiCf4z_20201030 180301-A98F5C14.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch6 (find #2 - Oct 30 2020: DeSoto County Circuit Clerk confirms no Crowder appeal was ever filed, contradicting Olive Branch's claim)
Transcribed: 2026-07-31 (Whisper)

Dale K. Thompson, DeSoto County Circuit Clerk. Circuit Clerk's Office. Can I help you? Yes, ma'am. I was holding for Allison and the phone picked up and hung up. Okay. What can I do for you? This is Matt Reardon. I'm the victim in the case with Phyllis Crowder that was just submitted on appeal to Circuit Court. And I had questions that I needed to ask. Appeal to Civil Circuit Court or Criminal Court? Criminal. Let me transfer you... Hey, is this Allison? Yes, it is. Hey, Allison. My name is Matt Reardon. I'm calling in regards to the Phyllis Crowder appeal that would have probably been submitted over the last probably two or three days to you. Okay. I don't have an appeal for a Phyllis Crowder. What court was it filed in? It was Municipal Court in Olive Branch. It was filed last minute. She had court on Tuesday where she had to surrender or have an appeal in. And they had told me the morning of Tuesday about 9 a.m. They said that the day before on Monday, which I had called the day before, and they hadn't received an appeal yet. But they said on Tuesday that they had gotten a last-minute appeal in, and they weren't sure if that was going to be accepted by the circuit court or not. Okay. So it's a Municipal Court appeal from Olive Branch. Yes. By the name of Phyllis Crowder. Yes, ma'am. There hasn't been anything filed in this office by that name. Interesting. Okay. So they had 30 days to appeal before it gets time-barred. Olive Branch says that the appeal was put in, so I'm trying to... This is very odd. I haven't received anything in this office regarding an appeal, and I'm the one that processed it. Is it a criminal matter? Yes, ma'am. She had falsely accused me of rape back in 2018. I haven't received anything about an appeal, and I just processed the paperwork. So, I mean, you can check back, but I haven't received anything. Okay. The reason I was asking was in regards to appeals, would I be allowed to give a victim impact statement? Would I be able to submit a motion to quash the stay of appeal? You would have to contact an attorney or file anything pro se. I just processed the paperwork. Yes. I do my own filings. I can craft a motion. That's not a problem. I just needed to know as far as what the appellate process being a victim here. You know, I've got evidence of fraudulent activity committed by her attorney. You know, that they have just taken and run with this thing, and it's just completely... Okay, sir. I've got to catch the other line. There's not anything I can, you know, assist you with legally, or I just could be able to tell you if a case was opened here because we just processed the paperwork when it's filed. Okay. Okay? All right. Well, I appreciate it. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye.
