Source file: 1FNM1fu1XqRty0H-WJaG4bxNih0t0sPhn_20200810 135505-DC8C7369.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch6 (find #1 - Aug 10 2020: Rule 59 rehearing deadline day, Judge Kent Smith/Judge Luther recusal question, O'Donnell/Sheriff's Dept FOIA fight)
Transcribed: 2026-07-31 (Whisper)

Uh, yes, I'm looking for, um, uh, Judge Kent Smith, I think it's Kent Smith, correct? That's the, uh, newly appointed circuit court judge? Yeah. Okay. I'm looking for his office. I need to get a, um, I need to get a, a response on, on a particular matter, um, from his clerk or, or from him. Let me give you the, uh, court administrator's number... Ashley, that number is 662-234-3013... [reaches admin office, learns Judge Smith's clerk Janet is out] ...here's my problem. I'm looking for a response actually from his administrator, and I guess I probably need to get a response from Judge Luther's office as well. But I've got, today marks the final day, five o'clock, for me to file for a Rule 59, a rehearing, and Judge Kent Brown is assigned to my case. Judge Luther is making calls on Judge Smith's cases. In fact, Judge Luther is supposed to be recused. I thought he was recused from my case. I filed a post-conviction relief and Judge Luther denied my motion for post-conviction relief. Today's the last day to file a Rule 59, and I'm just trying to figure out why Judge Luther is ruling on my case... I'm just, I'm a bit blown away because of the amount of fraud conducted by Lafayette County, by the state in this case -- it's been unsurpassable amounts. They're refusing to comply with the Public Information Act request, the Freedom of Information Act request, in regards to a call which stemmed the original arrest from even happening. Something very important, and I think for a circuit judge that's not even assigned to the case to come in and deny the motion is extremely prejudicial and harmful... [staffer cannot assist with legal specifics, advises trying the court administrator again tomorrow] ...it's a shame that I'm looking at being stuck with something I didn't do.

[Note: this call is the companion to the Aug 7 county-attorney call re: O'Donnell/Bundren/May 24 2017 phone call -- same week, same fight over withheld records.]
