Source: Riding With The Outlaw- “The November-9 Exculpatory Release” _Mandated TRIAL BY JUDGE Begins 11_4_21.mp4
Drive file id: 1bCIQofokgjGnjoLQi1skgAsasvwS1q4Y
Batch: Tier2_NamedVideo_Dec6-21

What will you do without freedom? Will you fight? Hey. Can you guys start? No. We will run, and we will live. Aye. Fight and you may die. Run and you'll live at least a while. And dying in your beds, many years from now, would you be willing to trade all the days from this day to that for one chance, just one chance to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take Freedom. Called freedom. Turning words again. This time, more generally, the question of invasion. I would observe that there's never been a period in all these long centuries of which an absolute guarantee against invasion, still less against serious rains, could have been given to our people. In the days of Napoleon, the same wind, which would have carried its transports across the Channel. Might have driven away the blockading fleet. There was always the chance. And it is that chance which is excited and befooled. The imaginations of many continental tyrants. Many are the tales that are told. We are assured that novel methods will be adopted. And when we see the originality of malice The The initiative of aggression, which our enemy displays, we may certainly prepare ourselves for every kind of novel strategy. And every kind of brutal and treacherous maneuver. I think that no idea is so outlandish that it should not be considered and viewed with a searching. But at the same time, I hope us that he I We must never forget solid assurances of sea power. And those which belong to air power, power. If it can be locally exercised. I have myself full confidence that if all do their duty, nothing is neglect. If the best arrangements are made as they are being made, we shall prove ourselves once again able to defend our island home to ride out the storm of war and to outlive the menace and tyranny if necessary for years, if necessary alone. At any rate That is what we are going to try to do. That is the resolve of government. Every man of them. That is the will of the parliament. That is the will of the people. And the nation. Our home. The British Empire and the French Republic. United States Of America too. Linked together in their cause and in their needs. Will defend to the death. Their native soil. Aiding each other like good comrades. To the utmost of their strength. Even though large tracts of Europe. Many old and famous states have fallen or may fall into the grip of Gestapo. And all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule. We shall not flag Or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France. We shall fight on the seas and oceans. We shall fight with growing confidence. Growing strength in the air. We shall defend landing grounds. We shall fight in the fields and in the streets. To the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs and square holes, the ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules, and they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them about the only thing you can't do is ignore them because they change things. They push the human race forward. While some may see them as crazy, don't see genius. Because the ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. Thank you for calling the office of attorney general Lynn Fitch. Your call is very important to us, and we would like to route you to the appropriate division as quickly as possible for assistance. I've listened to all of the following options to find one that best fits your needs. If you have a complaint related to identity theft, a scam or call, global call, or other personal matters, press 1. If you have any victim of crime and need to speak to a victim advocate or file or check on a claim for a victim compensation, press 2. If you need to reach our Medicaid law control unit, press 3. If you have a question about an election crime, abuse, or neglect of a vulnerable person, This is Betty. Hey, Betty. I, I got disconnected. I called up there just, a little bit ago, actually, to try to address something. I believe it's on the the public integrity level. But for whatever reason, when Chris's office is defiantly refused to to help me even though I've been victimized over and over and over again. And so I'm calling to be common from somebody. And and the VA's, staggered. What what's that? The the mister, guy here, it's let's go ahead and bypass him. I've I've dealt with him for about a year. He doesn't even talk to me. Meanwhile, I'm standing trial for nine charges, criminal charges, and the eight times that were done retaliatory. They're expecting me to stay on trial, when I'm being refused a right to a trial by jury. I think the fifth amendment is very clear. I'm actually in the Court of Appeals right now, with the appeal against Wayne Ditch, and I would like to see some type of good effort from this department, from this office. I don't have anyone in the office. They're in common to speak. I have to pick a name and number. It's fine. I've I've been getting the runaround now for over a year with the same stuff. I mean, how does the attorney general, missus Shippen, I mean, how how can she substantiate the the moves that she's pulling? I mean, I'm I'm being victimized. It's it's open in a year, like, out in the open corruption that I've captured on video. There's a sculpable evidence that's being refused and, actually, they're they're pushing the move trial forward. The prosecutor of Lafayette County, I'm being denied a trial by jury and, every judge has refused themselves in a state county. I just answered this. Ma'am, I'm telling you that I'm not look. I am holding y'all accountable. Okay? The time to skate by and refuse to do anything, the no action, or just just I don't know. What good is your is your office doing if you're not upholding the duties of your office? So is that wanna leave your number? Are you I mean I mean, all y'all gonna do is just exactly what you probably just did. You put the phone down on the desk and came back to me a minute later. No. I'm tired of this stuff happening. It's ridiculous. Somebody needs to be held accountable. I'm looking for answers. I know there's somebody at the state attorney general's office that's there that can speak to me now. Sure. I'm not sure how many times I have to put it up. Let me speak to Lynn Fitch then. Patch me on through to her. Could you hear me when I say our office did a conference this week? Everybody at the attorney general's office said a conference this week. You mean nobody's working out of that building? I can take your name and your phone number. Okay. How about is there does Lynn Fitch have a voice mail? Because I'd sure love to leave her a message about how I feel about about this just blatant disregard for her duties. I can take your name and your phone number. It's Matt Reardon. She'll she'll I mean, I'm sure she knows the name from from the ongoing fiasco from 2017 that clearly, since y'all refused to even lift a finger to conduct an investigation into it, it makes sound complicit. In what county? Lafayette. And, see, I would like I would like the attorney general's office to address the situation of a citizen being denied the right to a trial by jury, especially when he's facing nine to 10 charges that can be concurrently stacked when there's, I mean, evidence of wrongdoing and corruption. Their whole entire case is falling apart, but yet they're insisting on a on one person to decide the fate instead of panel of six, guaranteed by the sixth amendment. Now find an attorney? Tell me again about that. What? You're telling me that you did you have an attorney or you do not have an attorney? I I do have a publicly appointed attorney, but I am a Marine Corps veteran, and I do understand my constitutional right to a trial by jury. This is something that I'm more than willing to send up to a federal question. Nine charges. And you mean to tell me that when it's it's it's it's in that gray area or it can be allowed or it can be, you know, permitted or not left up to the judge when, the odds would be any criminal trial. Should be a right to, trial by Jerry. That's that's ridiculous. And we're and we're in the judge. Guarantee it. I have your information on as well as your callback. Alright. Thank you. You're welcome. I wanna make a couple of things right up front. For one, you don't hear what I hear on my headphones. You just don't. Got my own music going. Number two, you play stupid games. Be ready to win stupid prizes. Number three. We can trace this back to multiple to three, four different courts now that can take a 100% of the blame when it comes down to if I get any kind of different treatment from publishing the proof, the evidence, from insisting on holding her accountable when due to the failure of the court system that is yet to happen. No skin off of their back. Like I said in the beginning and whenever I was formulating the concept of riding with the outlaws, if the courts won't hold them accountable, it's up to the public to hold the courts accountable and them. Because it's it's way out of tilt. It's so unevenly weighted. So I have some pretty interesting recordings. And this time, I'm gonna throw the knuckleball to the metal. Big news here in Mississippi. The jokesters that were elected as our state representatives decided to bypass a vote. And went straight for the jugular to remove the state flag in Mississippi. My thing that I've said from the beginning is that if it goes to a vote and if the overwhelming majority voted in favor of a new flag, you're not gonna hear me complain. Because at the end of the day Mister mayor, I wanna speak to you. My state has always been about our constitutional rights. Okay? The rights that are afforded to us as citizens. It's not about Us stars and bars. It's about the ruling people. Sure. But this is the tax that they have a right to speak to you every week. Must say that they can't speak to you. And we have elected officials that are making controversial moves that are ignoring that which the people vote for. You're a cultural Marxist. Just fill out an epics. In there as a cultural Marxist. Which is saying. To the set press list. Blacked out. Knowing bad things can come from it. Don't hear about one of the nastiest, nastiest, nastiest public corruption scams. And what's crazy is I've literally mapped this thing out of every single phase of what's going on right now in advance because I knew what happened. And you got agencies. They're obstructing justice, pursuing evidence, and turning a blind eye. Shoveling, proof of innocence Jared Bundrick. And shielding criminal activity. Hey. I'm here to show you how to stop bribery investigation. You received a call on 05/24/2007. I would like the details of that call. To such a level. Why are y'all cowards? Why are y'all cowards? To help get a female Democrat mayor elected. I would like to, I'm trying to ask. You said no to yep. Damning information which would have had potentially devastating political ramifications and coming down the hopper. Her husband, the attorney of my ex, for the original child custody matter back in 2016 August 2016. It was that time that my child was kept from me for approximately two months. It was the first first extended period of absence that I I took away from you. That was she basically was was used as a wedge, a negotiation team. You got the 05/01/2017 arrest. In front of that statue right there, where I was holding the state flag of Mississippi, Standing on public property was not bothering a soul. It was not loud. Nothing. Standing on this very pavement that I'm standing right now, holding the state flag of Mississippi. But because that didn't fit the agenda of this city, the city being that they took it on itself to remove the state flag from city property while all along taking taxpayer taxpayer dollars from the state in Jackson. My view hasn't changed on that. Never will. It's common sense. If you take state funded tax dollars from your state, well, damn it. I think it should be an obligation that you fly the state flag. I don't think that that's I don't think that some bar out there want and demand. May 1, deputy sheriff Timmy Pruitt pulled up. He asked me if I had a permit to be here. I told him that I had the first amendment. I'm a Marine Corps veteran. I'm a patriot. I'm a three percenter. I took an oath at the end of 02/1977 to uphold and defend our constitution from all enemies both foreign and domestic. My oath had no expiration date. Nowhere in the military oath is there an expiration date that says that this oath is only good until the time of your service ends. And it's like that for a very particular reason. You see, when I took an oath back in 2007 to uphold and defend our constitution, I swore an oath to our country and ultimately wrote a blank check to our government for an amount up to and including my life. Now I wasn't deployed. I was never sent to a deployable squatter. In fact, I was an air wing, and I was part of a non deployable squadron that actually trained new pilots to fly the AV-8B Harrier and then get assigned to a gun squadron and sent overseas to drop bombs crucial. I personally find my MOS and my job very crucial to the readiness of the Marine Corps and its officers to go and drop bombs on the bad guys. Okay? So I wrote a blank check to the government for amount up to including my life. It's that reason right there alone that the oath that I took doesn't expire. So I wanted to know, and I still wanna know to this day, how a city and a county Feels that they have the right to supersede the constitution, the law of the land. Because the last I knew, no law made by any city or any county ever had the effect of becoming a law and a lawful order if it directly clashed with that of the constitution. And the first amendment right guarantees my right to stand here on public property, whether or not I'm causing friction, whether or not I'm irritating people, it's my right granted through the first amendment to have freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom of press. Just like I'll point the camera over here if y'all can see. We've got protesters over there holding signs wanting the statue to come down. And I tell them every single time I talk to them, they have a right to be here. And honestly, they have the right to live to be here free of harassment. You don't even need to have a permit. Shouldn't even be a requirement to have a permit. But see, that's the liberal hypocrisy, because I'll never hear that said to me. In fact, being that I'm a conservative, just the opposite. Back in May 2017, false reports were called up there about me causing problems on the square even though I wasn't saying a thing. I was just holding a state flag, had a gun on my hip. You know, I am audio and video reporter, mister Perez. I don't care. You have a permit to be here. Your first amendment, actually. You have a permit to be here. No. Right. You got a lawyer. How's that? Because you're going to jail if you don't. I'm going to jail. It's up here and standing out here and holding a flag. Yep. Yep. Believe me. Okay. Where does that super stop? I'm a let me let me just more time. Can I just ask you can I ask you a question? I'm a ask you one more time to leave if I will do you to jail, this is what it kinda. Okay. I'll I'll I'll leave and take this straight to my attorney then. That's that's, you can't threaten me with my first amendment rights. You're hey. I'm gonna tell you right now, mister Craig. Free to leave. One. This fucking city is ass fucking backwards. Ass fucking backwards. Y'all see that? Hey. What's your what's your badge number by the way, deputy, bro? No. No. I'm not. I'm leaving. I was asking you. I was asking you. I was leaving. I was leaving. Long story short, deputy Pruitt said I had to leave. I didn't have a permit or I was gonna face arrest. Said I was gonna take the video straight to my attorney. My I couldn't be threatening my first amendment rights. His uniform was was a little bare that day. He had gotten to put his badge back before coming out. Took about seven steps off, and I turned around to ask him what his badge number was that infuriated him because it made him look horrible. And if he wasn't already doing a good enough job for that himself, when he came trying to trod, feel better, and the patriots rights stand here in solitude by myself, not even as a group, holding the state flag of Mississippi. I was arrested. I asked him what his badge number was and infuriated him. He took me to the jail. I maybe was in jail for about an hour before I posted a bond. I grabbed my state flag. My car was parked right here on the square still, and I decided I was gonna take a victory lap and walk from the sheriff's department with my state flag back to the square. And I did a victory lap around the square holding my state flag, proudly holding my state flag. Because because I knew what I did was not wrong. And you can try to paint me into a corner and try to and try to demonize me all you want to. Fact is, even by the sheriff's department's own admission and the multiple agencies, news agencies, I was arrested for holding the state flag on public property. Wanting to drop the charge and in light of the county having no evidence, in fact exculpatory evidence, of my innocence, it still chooses to pursue the charge of harassing phone calls. Well that just about validates everything that I've said and lays claim to my claims of prosecutorial misconduct, mis malicious prosecution, and preferential prosecution while validating the claims of this being a guilt stricken witch hunt involving the county trying to use fear and intimidation tactics to cover its tracks. Tactics to further deprive the rights of the defendant by intentional interference into ongoing civil rights litigation and shows a willful malice intent. The county and state is bringing these actions with the most unclean of hands, and I intend to prove it had knowledge of such and its persistence further exacerbated injuries sustained. The DUI was staged by the county. Not only was no marijuana found, but I was never searched nor was my car truly searched, and I have an eyewitness to that. I'm not a law enforcement officer, yet I know that if questioned on the procedure and protocol, nine out of 10 law enforcement officers would likely note that this was out of protocol. There was, however, an insistence on non permissive transport under false arrest due to being handcuffed and taken to the jail, take a field sobriety test which fell outside of Terry stop time stipulations. Not to mention anyone watching would see that no impairment existed and that the county All of this all but certainly makes this charge fall apart. The improper equipment was never notated and specified, which means the ticket, in essence, was written open ended, giving the officer the ability to change his or her story up until the day of trial. If the charge is in regards to a headlight being out, will it went out that evening due to the ice storm and icing? What type of money racket is Lafayette County running here that further financially penalized me for an act of God and nature, especially when this county is a 100% responsible for disenfranchising me and my family to the fullest from its 2017 stunt. So that one most likely is gone. And finally, there's the disorderly and resisting arrest charge where I park next to the sheriff seeking out equal protections of the laws, which quite frankly were downright refused and neglected. I only went up there to seek out the sheriff of the county due to his checking my emails of grievances relayed regarding criminal behavior, which had been allowed to continue unchecked at the infliction of intentional damages on me. It was after normal business hours and the signs indicated for sheriff's department, not for sheriff's deputies. Alright. Hey. You got moved with that? I'll move when I talk to Joey. Joey knows I'm out here waiting. He needs to come out and talk to me. I'll move when I when I talk to Joey. When Joey wants to talk to me, I'll move. Otherwise, I'm not breaking any law, just department in a spot that says reserved for the sheriff's department. I'm here at the sheriff's department. Or you will go to death this evening. I'm not being disordered. Of course, I recorded everything. I'm gonna tell you how much cuffs. I'm gonna tell you how much switch off your breather and make sure the evidence was seen. No. The audio recording shows both officers do some detail and wide on the written statements, which would demonstrate a conspiracy of two or more officers acting under color of law conspiring to deprive another of their civil rights. Look up 42 US code nineteen eighty five and forty two US code nineteen eighty three, and that just about a 100% describes what all has happened here. So I never once said no despite Hopi Dixon quoting that I said it three times. Hey. You got moved yet. I'll move when I talk to Joey. Joey knows I'm out here waiting. He needs to come out and talk to me. I'll move when I when I talk to Joey. Alright. When Joey wants to talk to me, I'll move. Otherwise, I'm not breaking any law just for parking in a spot that says reserved for the sheriff's department. I'm here at the sheriff's department. Oh, or you will go to jail for disorderly. I'm not Remember the stress. I'm go I'm I'm moving my car. I'm moving my car. And freedom is outlaw. Moving my car. Only the outlaws will be free. I thought I was moving my car. I don't mind being out loud at all. Stop. Stop. I don't mind wearing it on my shirt. Now I've got to get in here and see what I can figure out on requesting even more public records. Hey, you can file with the first ones or with these last ones. So now I'm gonna go request more and let's see if they continue to obstruct. I think the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department probably needs to receive a few phone calls. In fact, I'd love to hear that phone line go crazy while I'm inside right now. I think the number is (662) 234-6421. Let Let me know what you think about that. Take care. Hey. I moved that. I moved when I talked to Joey. Joey knows I'm out here waiting. He needs to come out and talk to me. I'll move when I when I talk to Joey. That's what? When Joey wants to talk to me, I'll move. Otherwise, I'm not breaking any law just for parking in a spot that says reserved to the sheriff's department. One more time. Here at the sheriff's department. Move or you will go to death disordered. I'm not being disordered. I'm go I'm I'm losing my car. I'm losing my car. I was losing my car. I promise losing my car. Oh, stop. Stop. We're about we're about to make the argument of the of mom stacking them. Also, if it's up to the judge's discretion to either give you, not give you a jury trial. What are your reasons why in these cases, you need a jury trial? You can't get a fair trial from people. Because I think that it's very easy to see with the video of James. I had an audio recorder in my pocket December 28, on the on the disorderly and resisting arrest charge. Courtney Dixon came out. He didn't actually ask the things he actually put in his written statement. And then him and, the other guy, the other officer, they both said in quotations that I said no, that I would not move my vehicle three separate times. Now my audio recorder shows me never show never saying no one time. I'd be completely honest. Why can't he decide that? Why is the jury needed to decide that as opposed to he decided? Well, I think that in light of the yeah. I've had extreme prejudicial treatment since 2017. It was something that I've raised evidence of, of of prosecutorial misconduct. It was a set by the county. There are multiple defendants in this, including the sheriff, Joe East. I it is not fair for me to go to trial with one person besides my faith when I'm demanding six people beside my faith. Probably about six or more because this thing has been so heavily tainted since day one. I'm doing a documentary. This town, this this area just freaking hates me. They've gone to every extent to get rid of me, to abscond with their guilt. They made me sign a covenant to not sue. Will Fayette County, the sheriff's department, the city of Oxford, its elected officials, and basically the mayor. I mean, can you come could you come this birthday? I could. Well, yeah. I mean, I I should be able to. Yeah. I mean, if I if I were you, just because the judge has said he was wanting to talk to you about everything, so I would come back Thursday. You can come at nine or two. Okay. I mean, I I have a, I mean, I have a pretty good idea which you know, because her attorney actually just sent me a email last night that, she had explained to, Judge Shumate that, the chancery matter in in Oxford and about, you know, in the best interest of the child. But what the judge clearly didn't understand in this matter was that I've been the only one that's been civil since day one. I have suffered directly at the hands of this of this girl, putting false accusations against me that have been proven unsubstantiated. She has been enabled fully and she has kept my child from me since January. It's her that's refusing to co parent and so all this did was this further enabled her and created a larger problem if she was let go and not charged. It's it's, you know, it's it's ultimately culpable negligence, especially if she strikes again because I've been completely victimized by her and I have not even seen my child since January. So they flat out lied to the judge, especially if he just let her go. It's a very serious charge. And and I was completely victimized, and I still am. I still can't even see my daughter. I was simply trying to inquire on the outcome of my ex. You falsely accused me of breaking. You've created a monster. Please take a moment. Take a moment. I was just trying to Your honor. I was just trying to address this. My wife's outside. My wife's outside. My wife is outside. My wife is outside. Alright. We've been having trouble with this, getting loaded. So it looks like it's going now. This is the, phone conversation I have with Matt Reardon right after the wing incident. Friday, 08:27PM. Hello? Matt, this is Todd. You got a minute? Can y'all hear? John. Lynch. What's up? Do you need a second to record this or something? I mean Let me let me just I mean, now let me let me just say everything everything everything is just striking. What is your wife? Excuse me. I'm speaking. Excuse me. I'm speaking. I called you. I called you. What? That's cowardice. Oh. This is a recall. Call me back. Sorry. Let's make you some madam shaking. I'm calling you to speak to you calmly, not to go on a rant. Okay? The response you received from Ashley, if I'm correct, from several people that told me what happened was because you called her a bitch, Matt. Mister Peter. Is that how it happened? Why not? Absolutely not. That's not talking to me. Tell me what happened. Okay. Okay. Alright. Well, calm down. Let me just tell you one thing, and I'm talking to you calmly because, actually, have you entertained you coming in here and you haven't bothered anybody even though I have received numerous complaints from customers that are trying to come in here and have a good time and enjoy themselves. I haven't thought of the first person. I've only wanted to be left alone when I come in there. Alright. Look at the cameras. I have I don't look at anybody. I haven't repaired it. No. No. No. I'll pull your fucking cameras if you wanna pull this with me. I'm still in the courts that I have not bothered anybody. I've only wanted to be ripped the fuck away. Okay. Well, if that's the case, Matt, then you do whatever you feel need to be done. I'll be expecting to be sued for whatever reason that you can come up with. I'm not I'm not I'm not suing you. I'm not suing you. I'm not suing you. I'm throwing you off to the wall so you can sue me if you wanna sue me. But I'm not suing you. Take, Matt. That's fine. I'm just telling you that when you come into a business and you call either myself or Ashley a derogatory term, that is the response you're going to receive. This is your formal notice. Excuse me. This is my formal notice. Excuse me. When she fucking ignores me and throws out my shirt, she deserves every fucking thing if she gets goodbye. If we are running a business, we do not have time. Alright. You're So that's where he hung up. Just press you know, that doesn't really prove anything. But other than, us as a community, we do need to get together and try to figure out our problem resolution here because Matt Reardon is a danger to our society, and he's going to be a problem. Mark my words. What time? What time? Yep. I'm not really sure, what time we're supposed to be, Chloe this evening because I think they're still out of town. I don't know. I know Dustin was just gonna go pick up Chloe. So I'm guessing, shit. I don't know. I I really don't know, Matt. Like, it's I'll get with, I mean, Maddie had a Apple appointment. Take the phone by and get it looked by looked at by the Apple people. Yeah. In Memphis at, like, 06:45. She I think she moved that to later, but I know they're not open too much later. So depending on the time, I may just I'll get with her and see. I just meet up with you earlier tomorrow. No. It's gonna have to be today. K. Well, I mean, I'm not I can't just put off plans as far as, like, I mean, there's stuff that needs to be done. I schedule around Chloe. I did not say that. The only reason why I mentioned Chloe was because I can't be in two places at one time. I understand that. Why are you scared of Chloe's mom? It's always like everything revolves around her. I'm not scared of Chloe's mom. I will fucking cut that bitch's throat open if I feel like it. And I hope that was recorded and sent to her. Don't accuse me of being scared of somebody, Reardon, because you know good and damn well. I'm the last one to be scared of somebody. The last okay. But the last time I remembered, y'all were were I'm turning around. She's taking y'all back to court for for You actually got gotta get with her to figure out the schedule. No. I don't give a shit what goes on with Melissa. I don't give a damn. As long as I don't have to fucking deal with it, I don't give a shit. And as long as the freaking visitation schedules stay on schedule and we have both of them at the same time, that way what's good for the good is good for the fucking gander, I'm alright. I don't say nothing. But seriously, for the love of God, Matt, that's the last time you get to throw up Melissa at me. Because I literally have to bite my cock whenever I'm around her. You know she tried to kill me. I had to keep Jesse from literally filing charges against her for me. Yeah. Try being poisoned with alpha gal stuff. But whatever. Are you there? Hello? Hi. Hey. I lost service. Why are you calling me from an 877 number? You're calling from an 87 number? Yeah. Like, a 877 area code. Oh, shit. My bad. Like, I literally just went back to the recent call list and and hit dial. Okay. I didn't realize it was set by default. I guess I'm on, the actual RingCentral app and not RingCentral phone. What are you doing? I had to go run by a friend's house, grab a knife sharpener for, lawn mower. Where are the kids? The house with Maddie. Oh, I thought you said Maddie wasn't there. No. I said Maddie's got an appoint had an appointment, to Apple in Memphis, like, 06:45. She was moving, to a little later. I don't know if she moved later or different day. I think she moved later though. Uh-huh. But, no. I was what I was saying, you're talking about as long as as, you know, she's sticking to the to the, you know, agreement or schedule. I mean, if you don't know what time you're getting Chloe, is she really sticking to the schedule? Matthew, this is the one and only time that she hasn't stuck to the schedule, and that's because they've been out of state at the beach. Okay. They're just coming in. So we don't we don't know for sure what time they're going to be in today. I gotcha. You. I mean, y'all got Chloe for what? Y'all got Chloe for what? A week, week and a half, or or what? Yeah. We have Chloe and Lydia for a week. We currently have something like that. Saying what I'm saying is if it's later, is it really gonna make a difference one night when you can get her tomorrow morning? No. Because, Dustin's wanting to get them both tonight. Okay. Well because he doesn't have to he doesn't have to work tonight, but he has to work tomorrow night. Well, I'm not talking about meeting late tomorrow. I was talking about tomorrow morning before next. We we have church and stuff in the morning. Okay. Well, then after that, I have a business meeting after church. K. Well, I've had to put for the start up business, I've had to put my, you know, everything on, you know, just about everything's come to about a stall having Lydia. I love having her, but good god. Matt. Matt. That is your visitation schedule. I cannot tell what you have to put on the side. And I cannot help the whole stuff that happened April 1 and that I have I can't help that. My kids are my number one priority, but making sure that they're provided for comes first. I'm in no way, shape, or form. Condition even paying you $600 a month in child support with what my residual is right now. I have no money coming in. So be thankful you're getting 600 a month right now. And you know what? These are the I'm having I'm having to punch my ass. You're boarding your child. What's 600 a month doing that? Do you wanna know what the 600 a month is paying? It pays my truck note, my cell phone bill, and half the insurance. Okay. And I know that that's needed to move her around, but, I mean Would you like to know how much my truck note is? Would you like to know how much my cell phone bill is? And would you like to know how much my insurance is? Oh, you know, Liz, I never did. I I was never responsible for you getting the vehicle. I was never responsible for you picking the cell phone plan, the postpaid cell phone plan, by the way. And I wasn't responsible for whatever insurance company you have. So that's not my that that's not my business. My business is my child. Okay? Okay. And if that's your business if that's your business and you can start, paying us extra money a week to go for her health insurance, I can hand over that bill to you from her doctor's office for a 190 something dollars. Yeah. You can pay that too. There are a whole bunch of other things that, by law, you are supposed to be paying for half of. I don't even ask you for money on that. I don't ever ask you for anything. Not a dime. So don't even go there. Alright? Goodbye. Alright. System law. Back up for the day. I'm going to get your license straightened. We'll be in touch with you, Wilford. The US attorney's office is. The US attorney's office. They got it. Yes. They do. It's in every it's in every court. God knows you don't have enough of those right now. Alright? I've I've I've actually welcomed the US attorney's office to join in. One second. On 401. Yeah. Give me a correct address. Yeah. It's not in Calhoun. No. I mean, I've got I've got multiple mailing addresses. That's one of them. Where Where where you live? Where you lay your head is the address we need. Yeah. PO Box 1360. Where you don't lay your head at the PO box. You lay your head at a house. So if you live in Calhoun County, give me your address where you live. I mean, that's been the address that I've, been given. Where do you live? Leave the 5th. So it's not the 117 Because because because my ex, Liz Crowder, has been trying to get that information. That's the whole reason the justice court stuff and the chance report stuff exist. Y'all know that very well. Listen, man. And me and me and me giving up me giving up my address means Listen, man. Her getting my address, which means that I didn't get attacked by false allegations. She's already accused me of rape. I have very good legitimate reason to not disclose my act I don't give Liz Crowder any information. So if there's a law that says that that, you know, it can't be a mailing address and it actually has to be a physical address and I have to disclose that, And I'd like to see the support of plaintiff. Show, bro. But right now, I'm outside of Jerry's stop time. You you roll your time situation. Okay. This is out as far as, like, the same thing. I called you. Alright, man. Alright, guys. Hey, Mary. Something changed? Because we didn't since we didn't have a resolution. So I'm just You still didn't have I'm just confused. I mean, I'm just confused and baffled. I was just explaining to you the situation as far as, like, you know, you know, I'm doing the best that I can when you do it for business meeting. But I'm gonna tell you this right now, Liz. I mean, after after y'all freaking accusing me of touching Lydia and then a year later getting fake rape charges put on me, which the police saw right through. I mean, how do you how do you think you have a right to talk to me the way you do? Why is the the county not wanting to comply on the public records request? You told me I had to ask the county, man. You told me that if I submitted it, y'all would comply. That was the last time that we spoke. I told you we'd look at it. You said no. You said you said that we'll comply. You said Hey, Matthew. Why haven't I gotten the really? Sheriff. Sheriff. Is this really the position you're gonna take? Why why won't you even answer that? Ambush yourself. Y'all will not respond to anything, any email, any public records request, anything. I wanna know why. I am holding our county officials accountable for this. You know I was framed. That was one of your ringleaders right there. That was one of your ringleaders right there. Man. You know that y'all coerced me. Y'all coerced me under stress and used my daughter. I No. The Tannehills did is who who really did it. Yes, sir. I followed the sham advice. Down. Okay. Well, hey. You, please. Who are you trying to protect? Is it that there's no call that came in, or is it that there's somebody like Robin Tannehill or Ray Tannehill that's on that call? I wanna know. Who's on the call? Yes. It's her. Who's on the call? Was there a call, or was there not a call? It was but it was on the police report that I got from May 30. Whatever medicine you're on, I think you need to go take medicine or something. Really? I don't understand what I'm talking about. The response of the share. Play a field. The response of the share. Got you some Oh, really? The same Hey. Get away from me. The same thing. Get any closer. Get any closer. Okay. Really? Really? Dude, that's so cool. You're watching me with that cupcake. That bullshit. Come on, baby. I'm sorry. Yo. As corrupt as you can be, Corrupt as you can be. I'm pissed off y'all violated my fucking rights. And if that's been you that's been driving by wife's family's house, you've been fucking stopped, Scott. I've been driving my way. It's been a black truck that's been driving by and stopping outside of the house. Be careful now, or you'll be back in my house here. Hey. I got what I needed. I got what I needed. The sheriff. Okay. I needed a q and a. I needed answers as to why y'all are obstructing justice. Y'all refusing to comply with a FOIA request. Buddy? Hi. Hello? Hey. I was, wanted to see Lydia. Okay. Let me get rid of leave you. Okay? I was here to see Lydia. You also the last text, she told me I can see her here. My mat. My mat. Really? No. It's my weekend with her. It's Father's Day also. This is my weekend. It's not No. Father's Day is tomorrow Alright. Father's Day weekend. This was my weekend. Yes. It was. Because two weeks ago Have you submitted your new address? I don't have to give you shit yet. Yes. You do. No. I don't. Have you submitted your new address? If y'all leave, I'm calling to share. Fuck off, bitch. That's fine. I'm gonna call it out here with you. So do I. I got it all recorded as well. Fuck you. Hold on a second. Can you hear me? Yes. Alright. Hi. Oh god. I'm getting pulled over. You too? Yep. How's it going now? Cheers, Jeff. What are you doing? Yep. Why don't why don't you I mean, why don't you testify? To that? No. I'm saying because because I'm I'm I'm I'm for warning you that right here right now. If you found the Panama court with any of your, like, Supreme Court bullshit or anything like that I don't need to. Even if they subpoena me. I'm not playing a word. That's right. Everybody. Right? Yeah. That's right. I don't because they were speechless. Right. You have the right. You have the right to So you have the right to refrain. Yes. Yes. So it says, yeah. Against self determination. Is that is that oh, yeah. I'm not I have no idea. I have everything that I need for these people that continue digging a deeper, wider trench. I have $50,000 that I have to pay back to our daughter. And why in the hell did you say no? That is what I have spent over the last several years in court to begin with. Then you are suing Ray Tannehill. You said Ray Tannehill was behind this. That that used to be you suing him. I'm not suing Ray Tannehill. Well, I I I mean, apparently, you still lose it. But I have what I have is kind of a law firm in court and law firm. Okay. I'm curious. If that was if if the old bank stuff was a a shot by reg or a failed shot by Ray. Why would what and and he's been the cause of all of my stuff since 2017. Why would you not simply just testify to that so that the problem stops? It's in instead of it continuing on. Because I am a person that has a very particular taste. But I don't have a good taste for, like, sex. What's next one? I mean, the only thing No. I'm not I'm not no. I'm not. I'm not talking about taste in people. I'm talking about taste in what I consider justice. Right. But the only other thing that Ray can do now is take a hit out of him. Like, literally He doesn't ask for a hit out. Yeah. Sure he could. I sure he would. Well, that that's what I'm saying. Where's your phone? Okay. I said I had about five minutes, and I mean it, to destroy any argument by the Mississippi State Attorney General's office. That's what I'm going to do. What does article three of the Bill of Rights mean? I think I need to give them some schooling on that. I think the state of Mississippi needs some schooling on federal law. I think it's time to deal a crushing, one and done blow to that damned good old boy system of law. Article three of the bill of rights, section one. No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor shall any person be denied the equal protection of the laws. The constitutional requisites under article three existence of standing, the plaintiff must personally have three different factors here. Number one, suffered some actual or threatened injury. Two, that injury can fairly be traced to the challenged action of the defendant. And three, that the injury is likely to be redressed by a favorable decision. One, two, three, hit the nail on the head. What's in justice court right now, a 100% meets the criteria for removal from justice court to be tried in federal court and the district court for the Northern District of Mississippi. Since day one, I've stayed consistent on deprivation of due process rights and deprivation of equal protection of the laws. I haven't wavered. Call me crazy. I've talked about the same thing. And it's funny, kind of like the story of the tortoise and the hare. My actions may have seemed very much like the hare at times, but really when you get to peeling back the the onion, looking underneath the hood, a lot of people are gonna find out that they're really quite turtle esque. Prosecutorial misconduct. There's a lot of that going on right now in justice court. This is what's gonna hammer them over the head hard. When a conviction is obtained by the presentation of testimony known to the prosecuting authorities to have been purjured, due process is violated. The clause cannot be deemed to be satisfied by mere notice and hearing if a state has contrived a conviction through the pretense of a trial, which in truth is but used as a means of depriving a defendant of liberty through a deliberate deception of the court and jury by the presentation of testimony known to be perjured. Such a contravence is as inconsistent with the rudimentary demands of justice as is the obtaining of a like result by intimidation. What do you know? Nine charges. You have the recent stuff with Scott Mills, Joe East. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that there's a huge abuse of power, a long time corrupt, good old boy system, which is trying to use intimidation like they did back in 2017, to cover up wrongdoing of Timmy Pruitt. And to hide it with more wrongs, and then to try to seal everything up with the covenant to not sue and banishment. November, Mooney versus Hallihan. $2.94 US 103. That requirement in safeguarding the liberty of the citizen against deprivation through the action of the state, embodies the fundamental conceptions of justice, which lie at the base of our civil and political institutions. Hiebert v. Louisiana is a requirement that cannot be deemed to be satisfied by mere notice and hearing if a state has contrived a conviction through the pretense of a trial, which in truth is but used as a means of depriving a defendant of liberty through a deliberate deception of court and or jury by the presentation of testimony known to be purged. Such a confidence by state to procure the conviction and imprisonment of a defendant is an inconsistent with the rudimentary demands of justice as is the obtaining of a like result by intimidation. Here's the key one. In the action of prosecuting officers on behalf of the state, like that of the administrative officers and the execution of its laws, meaning the sheriff's department, the attorney general's office, those that set laws and enforce laws, may constitute state action within the purview of the fourteenth amendment. That amendment governs any action of a state, whether through its legislature, through its courts, or through its executive or administrative officers. Carter versus Texas, Rogers versus Alabama, Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy versus Chicago. The principle in enunciated has required state officials to controvert allegations that knowingly false testimony had been used to convict and has upset convictions found to have been so procured, extending the principle. The court in Miller versus Pate overturned a conviction obtained after the prosecution had represented to the jury that a pair of men's shorts found near the scene of a sex attack belonged to the defendant and that they were stained with blood. The defendant showed in a habeas corpus proceeding that no evidence connected him with the shorts and furthermore, that the shorts were not, in fact, blood stained. I straw the similarity here to that there was not, in fact, an AR 15 back in 2017, and that the prosecution had known these facts all along. NAFU verse Illinois, Alcorta verse Texas. In the former case, the principal prosecution witness was defendant's accomplice, and he testified that he had received no promise of consideration in return for his testimony. In fact, the prosecutor had promised him consideration, but did nothing to correct the false testimony. Sigiglio versus United States. In the latter case involving a husband's killing of his wife because of her infidelity, a prosecution witness testified at the habeas corpus hearing that he told the prosecutor that he had been intimate with the woman, but that the prosecutor told him to volunteer nothing of it. So that at trial, he had testified his relationship with the woman was wholly casual. In both cases, the court deemed it irrelevant that the false testimony had gone only to the credibility of the witness rather than to the defendant's guilt. What if the prosecution should become aware of the perjury of a prosecution witness following the trial? More than thirty years ago, this court held that the fourteenth amendment cannot tolerate a state criminal conviction obtained by the knowing use of false evidence. Mooney versus Holland. There's been no deviation from that established principle. NAPU verse people of state of Illinois. Powell verse state of Kansas. Alcorta verse state of Texas. There can be no retreat from that principle here. This line of reasoning has even resulted in the disclosure to the defense of information not relied upon by the prosecution during trial. In Brady versus Maryland, the court held that the suppression by the prosecution of evidence favorable to the accused upon request violates due process where the evidence is material either to guilt or to punishment irrespective of the good faith or bad faith of the prosecution. In that case, the prosecution had suppressed an extrajudicial confession of defendant's accomplice that he had actually committed the murder. The heart of the holding in Brady is the prosecution suppression of evidence in the face of a defense production request where the evidence is favorable to the accused and is material either to guilt or to punishment. I've asked for things over and over and over again. They've gone ignored, but they expect me to go to trial. Important then are, a, suppression by the prosecution after request by the defense, b, the evidence is favorable character for the defense, and c, the materiality of the evidence. In United States first augers, the court summarized and somewhat expanded the prosecutor's obligation to disclose to the defense exculpatory evidence in his possession. Even in the absence of a request or upon general request by defendant. First, as noted, if the prosecutor knew or should have known that testimony given to the trial was perjured, The conviction must be set aside if there's any reasonable likelihood that the false testimony could have affected the judgment of the jury. Second, as established in Brady, if the defense specifically requested certain evidence and the prosecutor withheld it, the conviction must be set aside if the suppressed evidence might have affected the outcome of the trial. Third, the new law created in Augers. If the defense did not make a request at all, or simply asked for all Brady material, or for anything exculpatory, a duty resides in the prosecution to reveal to the defense obvious exculpatory evidence. Under this third prong, if the prosecutor did not reveal the relevant information, reversal of a conviction may be required, but only if the undisclosed evidence creates a reasonable doubt as to the defendant's guilt. I mean, just bam, bam, bam, bam. Corrective process, appeals, and other remedies. A state is not free, however, to have no corrective process in which defendants may pursue remedy for federal constitutional violations. In Frank versus Mangum, the court asserted that a conviction obtained in a mob dominated trial was contrary to due process. If the state supplying no corrective process carries into execution a judgment based upon a verdict thus produced by mob domination. It's been mob domination in Lafayette County since day one. It's still there. It's still going on. I can't get an attorney. It's because it's a mob of influence. The state deprives the accused of his life or liberty without due process of law. Some form of corrective process when the convicted defendant alleges a federal constitutional violation. I've alleged numerous. Contravenes the fourteenth amendment. So I have standing, and the court has held that to burden this process, such as by limiting the right to petition for habeas corpus, is to deny the convicted defendant his constitutional rights. Habeas corpus went ignored. The mode by which the federal constitutional rights are to be vindicated after conviction is for the government concerned to determine. Wide discretion must be left to the states for the manner of adjudicating a claim that a conviction is unconstitutional. States are free to devise their own systems of review and criminal causes. A state may decide whether to have direct appeals in such cases, and if so, under what circumstances. In respecting the duty laid upon them, states have a wide choice of remedies. The state may provide that the protection of the rights granted under the Federal Constitution be sought through writ of habeas corpus or quorum nobis, may use each of these ancient writs in its common law scope, or it may put them to new uses, or it may afford remedy by a simple motion brought either in the court of original conviction or at the place of detention. Habeas Corpus. So long as the rights under the United States Constitution may be pursued, it is for a state and not this court to define the mode by which they may be vindicated. So not only are they refusing me vindication where they have to, but they're persecuting me on nine additional charges, expecting me to go to trial in lieu of a demand for a jury trial. You have the judge that was originally linked in with everything that's picking the damn Justice court judge. You have discovery being withheld, refused. Key discovery necessary for trial. There are so many due process rights. Lafayette County has gone on tilt. They said, we've denied most of them to him, we've gone this far, and damn it, we're going to deprive every single bit of his due process rights here going forward. No right to trial by jury, no right to evidence, didn't give him preliminary hearing. False imprisonment. Multiple violations of the RICO Act, child exploitation, human trafficking, extortion, and so many damn counts a conspiracy. Joe East wants to always joke, always laugh and say that it's another Matt Reardon conspiracy. I just let him laugh. He clearly doesn't know the legal definition of what conspiracy is, which is basically a plot. Conspiracy is a conjured up plan. A plot between two or more people. And when one of those two people just happens to be an officer working under color of law, it aggravates it to a federal level. I have a 100% standing. Should the state continue going down the path that it's going down, refusing to afford some type of redress to the situation, then the federal courts are gonna jump in. I have no problem involving them. It's where this belongs anyways. Plenty of case law backing it up, and this is precedence that they've said time and time again, not even the first case can be gone against. It's that crucial, that important. See you at the finish line.