Source: 1c20211203114956n+1 662-816-5590_0.wav
Drive file id: 1T9czXWghHBzH7obMS1VXhB-hokidA_xX
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

Hey. I'd it was supposed to be over my headset, and then I realized it must not have been over my headset even though it said it was. I was busy, like, knee deep in a pussy. No. I'm just kidding. Hey. Hey. Speaking of which, can you reach out to Anna? I want her to fucking feel my dick deep inside of her, and I wanna fucking tell you all about it. Fucking horny. I just stopped at the gas station to get Snickers bar because I was I had an opportunity to check out really fast and self checkout, and I did. And I realized after I checked out I've got you get your Snickers bar? No. Why? You better be talking to Anna first about getting some dick. Does she wanna get does she wanna get dick down? Yeah. I'm fucking so horny right now. Okay. Hey. So I, hey. Hey. So I so I I literally I I fucking stuffed the fuck out of this damn diapers box. Like, I just kept stuffing more and more I I just kept stuffing more and more stuff in the fucking side of it. Fucking filled it the fuck up and just scan the fucking box. Fucking tweezers, breaking nail clippers, breaking audio cables. A freaking a freaking pretty cool awesome, thing that you can plug a U S a, HDMI cable from a computer or whatever into, and it comes out the other side as a USB. You can plug that USB, like, in computer or whatever, and, basically, it records live as it instead of having to record on the device. So, basically, I can I can, like just just basically having the viewfinder on a camera or or just streaming it off the computer, it would record it live onto this thing? Yes. I would prefer to not come home. I would prefer to go fucking, like, go balls deep inside of Anna and fucking nut all up in her. Well, no. I mean, like, I I no. I wanna come home. I'm just saying, like, I would prefer to well, yeah. I do need to come home first because I need to bring you your your stuff. No. Yeah. Which doesn't surprise me because, I mean, who how many people really do keep the same number for freaking six six years? Your car your car is your car is, like, riding pretty weird. Yeah. It's almost like there's vibration in tires. Like, it's moving. Like, the tires are feels like it's a tire. Yeah. But it's kinda like it's like a a movement type of thing. Like, I I feel I feel movement. Well, yeah. And honestly honestly, it's they probably all need to be replaced. Oh, yeah. I got this nice nice tripod thing that also doubles. It's a selfie stick that has fucking, like, two bright lights on it. I might just go report the news on the Square. Maybe. I am. Really? Fuck. Yeah. I might go and have a beer. I haven't had although I don't have my fucking goddamn it. And and my luck my luck, they'll fucking take my damn ID that's got the damn expiration year scratched out on it. Hopefully, a simple fax, something that does not say I swear under oath, and hopefully, something that they do not check too far into. She asked me if I got any tickets in Georgia. I was like, no. You know, I guess the one the one good thing that I can say is I'm so glad I've gotten all the legal experience that I've gotten because, you know, before, I would have been worried thinking, okay. I need an attorney. I need an attorney. Now it's like, you know, this is like a that's like a walk in the park. Like, I know fucking straight up the law and the constitution and all that. I'll I'll freaking file shit even if I had to turn myself in. I would turn myself in, and I would immediately, you know, bond out and you know? Or I would file a habeas corpus, and I would get myself in front of a judge, and I'd be out. But, you know, I I might just I might just file if they if it does catch up, I'll I may, I may just file, like, a motion to a motion to, set aside judgment or a motion to, you know, a motion to alter and basically explain the situation. Yeah. Yeah. And, basically, they're identifying me. They're trying to go off of Liz Crowder's address. Like, she was basically she didn't want to say Liz's address or or the city. She was wanting me to say it so then she could say, yep. This is you. But I wouldn't say it. But that's what the guy at the DMV was even saying. He said, it says 422, county or county of 422. Like, yeah. But, you know, I gave him pause. Yeah. She was like, have you lived anywhere else? My wife and I just moved to Bruce. We've lived in Oxford, but, yeah, I don't know, you know, anything else. And, my birthday is definitely not April 24. I thought I really got lucky because you know? And see, this that's what's called a clerical error. They could easily amend that and it not be a situation of, you know now what I'm I'm curious about is what is on the original ticket? Like, is this something that when they created the ghost account after trial and all that, you know, after, you know, when they violated me, did was it was it a was it a transmission error, or was it originally on the original ticket written down 04/24? Well, I don't think I don't think that they should I I don't think that Mississippi should be bound by any fucking interstate compact, you know, where they actually can Exactly. Well and and see but see, it doesn't show up in the system or anything. Otherwise, Lafayette County would've would've kept me. They it's now it's showing it's showing that that ghost account license that they assigned me in Georgia, it's showing that that license is suspended. You know, because Georgia suspended my license. I don't know. Right. Why would Mississippi why would Mississippi fall into compliance? Why would they obey Georgia's thing, on on on it's it's not my license is suspended over here. It's not. It's we can't issue you another license. No no reciprocality. Reciprocal. Yeah. Yep. Hey. Did you did you text did you text Anna, by the way? Has she written back? What'd you say? Okay. Alright. Okay. Bye. Love you. Bye.