Source: 11-4-21Trial_DUI.mp3
Drive file id: 1Ni9uRVVkGlidiGgVSopuvj4KHoLiocBY
Batch: Tier1_TrialAudio_11-4-21

That's okay. 2 thousand. Peter, what is what order would you like to make sure you have a quick one? That's DUAF first, then 2. And Command 119798 Yeah. As is our custom, we swear the witnesses at all in mass, that that we anticipate, I proceed now, your honor. Thank you. Your officer or deputy, Jacob Wilford of Lafayette County Sheriff's. Is that correct, sir? That's correct. We expect your attention, Tell us about that, encounter, sir. February 21 at 01:54 in the morning. I set up in, deputy candy beavers for traveling along Jackson Avenue. Turned around on him and, I noticed that he had taken a right, southbound on Hawthorne Road, and that's about the area where I was able to catch up with him. And then I initiated a traffic stop right there in front of the, the women's softball field on campus. Okay. Those locations that you speak of are the name of Fayette County, Mississippi. That's right. Okay, sir. So you're near the women's softball camp oh, complex. That's only that's Kansas City University right there. Correct? I believe it is. So still the Fayette County, Mississippi? Yes. Alright. So, what happened? Did you, so you approached the vehicle at that point? I did. I walked up to the window, introduced myself to part of my representative. So I advised him the reason that I stopped him. I believe he, provided a reproduced his driver's license on my request, and then I informed him that I could detect the odor of what I believe to be burned marijuana. And I asked him if there was anything in the car I needed to know about such as drugs in this case. I was advised that there was not. I had him step out of the vehicle, where a, where my partner stood by with, with, Mr. Reardon and I'm and another female that was with him, This is your signature on citations 13815 and 13814. He's the extra headline. And those seem to see if that is in fact correct. The expired registration. The the it was his license plate was expired. When did when did you discover that? While I was running the tag. Okay. She arrived, within seconds of the actual traffic stop itself. Okay. And, while she was there, we, you know, and and we usually back each other up. Okay. On Rapids, I'll get you guys to check out radio traffic and and if somebody's around that that that that comes at some come to your location. Right. Okay. So that's what happened that day, sir. That's right. Alright. Describe what what what was she doing? What was her task at that point? Well, I believe, at some point, deputy Beavers and Matt Reardon had a conversation, and whatever it was that they were talking about, she believed that, she, should offer or at least she did offer, a series of tests to determine whether he was impaired or not, and I can't really testify on what their what was in their conversation. But but but yours was you detected the other of the the the McPartner one is what you said. That's right. And you investigated that degree. And she investigated mister Beard. Is that a pair? Yes. What were your duties after that? You obviously issued those two citations. Nick Devers, conducted her investigation. What was your role in any or all of that, sir? I just stand by for officer safety. I'm not partnered to, conduct her investigation with the driver as far as any, impairment that may or may not exist. Really just stand by, assist in any way that I can. So, again, earlier when you said your car, you were talking about his beavers. That's right. Okay. And she was in her own separate squad car. That's right. And I also may add that, lieutenant John Dukes is also the same. Yeah. Right. So she knew she knew that, she knew that I would that I had detected the odor, and she knew the the reasoning behind, you know, a vehicle search for contraband. Okay. Alright. From sorry. Deputy Willow Court, did you prepare a written report regarding your participation in the stock? I do. Do you have a copy in front of you? I do. I have it on the phone right here. Okay. I'm gonna show you a a printed back copy. I'll get you to check it, make sure it's the right one and that it's complete. Here's the thing. Okay. The this report, it doesn't indicate what the weather was like that night. But I understand it might not have been a typical February night in Mississippi. Do you recall anything unique about the weather? It was snowing. A lot of snow and ice on the ground. Alright. This was back when we had those days of snow here in North Mississippi, last winter. Is that right? That's right. Okay. And were the roadways, clear, completely clear, somewhat clear? Tell me just what the roads were like. Some roads were clear, some roads weren't. Right. You had to be careful when you were driving. Is that right? When you were the first person to observe mister Reardon's vehicle in motion. Is that right? That's right. And you were the only, deputy to observe his vehicle in motion. Is that right? I yeah. I can only testify for what else, so I can't tell you if Candy or excuse me, Deputy Beavers did or did not. Did she arrive after you already had the stops? She we pretty much arrived at the same time. She had all drive down from Jackson and she was right behind me. We were headed to the same location. She saw me turn around, and she turned around, and both of us trailed it. Okay. Gotcha. But she would have been behind you, in between your patrol vehicle would have been in between, her and mister Reardon? That's right. You had the best view of it? That's right. Did your patrol vehicle have a dash camera on it? No. Did hers have a dash camera on it? No. Did you have any body worn camera against ability at that time? No. Did she? No. Did you take any video or photos, concerning this traffic stop or the subsequent DUI investigation? No. Now where was the field sobriety test performed? In the Sally Court at at, Lafayette County Detention Center. Okay. I know what you mean by Sally Court. I don't know what the judge does. Will you explain to the judge where that is and what it is? It's a garage that is built on the back of the, jail. It's a secure location for picking up and dropping off intakes and, for the purposes of, field sobriety test. It serves as a place that's, flat smooth ground to dry out of ice there. It's an indoor location. Are most people nervous when they get taken to jail? Some are. Some. They're used to a trial. Alright. Now where is the salicorder rectangular, room, so to speak? It is. Alright. And how high are the seats? Probably no less than 15 feet, probably. Is it about like this courtroom? It's about like that's right. Alright. Now in this courtroom, if you look over to your right, there's a camera. If you look down there, there's a camera. I've got two cameras in this courtroom. Where are the cameras located in the South? I know there's, I know there's, at least one camera that's on the the Northeast Corner of the South Of Florida. Alright. And would that camera have had a view of the field sobriety test that were performed with mister Reardon? Should have been. Yeah. Has anyone asked you to obtain and preserve that salicornia? No. When you come in and bring somebody in, do you is there a procedure for manually activating that video camera? Not that I'm aware of. K. You never have to call me in and say, hey. Turn the satellite port video on because I'm coming in with somebody, and I wanna make sure that this transfers me. You don't make a call like that. I've never done that. You assume that it's on, don't you? I do. When you search mister Reardon's, car for contraband, did you follow the normal law enforcement procedure for that search? I did. And you didn't find anything? Who made the decision to do the standard field sobriety test in the Southport? Debbie Biggers. Okay. Were y'all close to the Gillum Center, I think it's called, where they have volleyball games. It's kinda right there across the street from the softball fields on the corner by the soccer. And I believe it was adjacent to that building. Alright. Do they have video cameras there, on the Gilligan Center? I'm unaware. During your, law enforcement career here in Lafayette County, if you become aware that there are video cameras in and around the square that just about half every inch of the public, part of the square. Wow. And if you become aware that lots of businesses such as banks have video cameras that you can go ask them for footage if you need it to assist in the investigation. Alright. Alright. Now according to your report, does your report indicate any other reason for the traffic stop other than the headlight being out? No. Alright. And it's my understanding that, headlight being out is not a sign of intoxication, is it? It's not. Alright. You traveled behind him from West Jackson at did you were you behind him on West Jackson at noon? If for a very short, very brief moment until he turned, southbound on the Hathorn. Okay. So for a brief moment on Jackson Avenue and then Hathorn, is that the one that goes by Campus Street? That's right. Okay. So it's got a big turn in it. Mhmm. Is that a yes or no? Yes, sir. Sorry. It kinda goes up and down. It does. It's even got around about that that through to the point where you pulled them up. Right? That's right. Alright. During all of that, did you see your report does not indicate any swerving, does it? No. It does not indicate any difficulty controlling his vehicle, does it? No. It does not indicate any sudden stops or starts. No. It doesn't indicate somebody driving really slow like we expect somebody high to do, does it? No. Your report does not indicate any theory in the homecoming lanes, does No. And it does not indicate that he was not obeying any stop signs or stoplights or other traffic controller license, does it? No. Does your report indicate any of what the National Highway Safety Commission calls vehicle in motion signs and behavior? No. We'd ask that each report be introduced into evidence, as, we'd be reviewing different defenses if it weren't. Yeah. For the officer's I mean, we can ask him. Let let me lay a little bit more of an election. Officer, does this report contain your present, at the time recollection and explanation of the reason for the traffic stop and what you found at the stop and during your subsequent investigation? It does. Is it true and accurate? It it is to my knowledge. Was this prepared pursuant to your duties as a Lafayette County sheriff's deputy? Yes. You can't not prepare a report or you'll get in trouble. Right? Correct. And the purpose of this report is to preserve your memory that existed at that time. Is it not? That's correct. Alright. Is there anything to your knowledge false in this report? Alright? Does this report provide this court and any other court with accurate information concerning your stop, what you did, what you saw, and what mister Reardon did? And observed her conduct a series of tests on mister Reardon. Deputy Beavers determined Matt to be impaired under the influence of a controlled substance. He was in charge of driving under the influence, improper equipment, and Do you still have your citations of this? Okay. Okay. So what happened then? I explained to, mister Reardon that based off his admission that I would like to run-in time to test to make sure he was able to drive. Okay. Okay. And and the the test, what what test were you going to offer his career? Our SFST test. Everyone's still sobriety testing. K. And and did you do that? Do you repurchase paper before? He didn't at first. I explained to mister Rubin digital weather. It was February. We had a lot of ice and snow, freezing temperatures that, it was to be it would not be fair for him to ask him to perform these tests in this environment that Okay. And did y'all go to the detention center? Yes, sir. We did. Where where were the tests done there? In the South Carolina. K. To describe what was going on, Okay. And tell us about your training and experience as it relates to, being able to offer those those sobriety tests that you asked mister Beard to estimate you. But what what was the first one you asked me? The first test is HGN, where we're looking for nystagmus and eyes. I didn't know it was already put on my test. What do you expect to? Yes, sir. Yes. That's correct. Describe to the court what that test entails and how how mister Reardon, performed. I guess, tell him the court, what he did differently than what you instructed Okay. Describe, that test to the court. And it's the same type of what she's did you did you and and then you demonstrated and and explained to him? On the one that stand, we're looking for four claims. Mister Reardon, I got two out of four claims. He used his arms for balance and sleep. What what happened next with mister Reardon? I did perform two other tests. I performed the lack of convergence, and I also performed the multiplanar test. What are those? Those are tests that we learned in A Rod. They are not validated tests, Yes, sir. You mentioned another test, a modified Lombard test. Yes, sir. What What does that what does that do for you? What what what are you looking for? To see if his internal clock is slow or fast. When did you find it to take? Mister Ruger did the test. It's thirty seconds. He did it in thirty five seconds. He also displayed eyelid tremors and body tremors off. Okay. Let us talk about these trimmers. What again, this is all stuff you learned in these. That's the best recognition. Okay. What's in the jail? They they do their sequence of things. They poke him. They photograph him and and a lot. Do you understand? Correct. Is that what happened in this instance? Yes, sir. No objection. What what next did you have in in your account, mister Greer? Did you have any further You wanted that he makes. What you're the person who determined that he was under David Brooks. Correct. Okay. Well, you can drink a can of kosha, it might pet you up. Are you under the influence? Yes, sir. Alright. So where is that line? What what it makes you under the influence? Do you need to be dangerous on the road? Well, I mean You didn't fit under the influence to the point where you're not safe to drive. Right? That's correct. And the only evidence we have of him driving is he was driving entirely safe. Is that right? I did not observe mister Weatherhead driving, so I can testify that. Okay. You have no personal knowledge of him exhibiting any unsafe driving behavior, do you? Okay. Did mister Reardon mention his military service to you? Yes, sir. He did. What did he say about that? He said that he had, bad knees for being blinds. Okay. Do you know how long he was in the marines? Yes, sir. I don't. Do you know the specific nature of his physical injuries that came from that service? He, yeah. I think he mentioned what it was that I can recall. Okay. And having injuries or being disabled is an innocent reason for poor performance on the field sobriety test. Yes, sir. That's one of his tests for voluntary. He did not have to perform his test. Okay. He had asked to speak to a lawyer. Did he? Correct. When I got down to speak with him. Correct. Okay. So he was not entitled to ask a lawyer about making that voluntary decision. You said it was voluntary. Correct. Okay. Did he admit to smoking marijuana before or after he asked to speak to a lawyer? Before. Okay. And as I understand it, he said he had one hit from one hitter at about eleven. Correct. That's what he said. Okay. And you understand that's, not a lot of marijuana? Yes, sir. But I didn't witness him some of that, so I can testify. That's it. But I create how much he's not. Sure. That's just what he said. Correct. Now as I understand it, you know, there was the smell of marijuana from the vehicle, you know, in your report. Correct. But when Matt was out of the vehicle, you didn't smell any marijuana on him personally, did you? Yes. I'm sorry. I'm fine. Did you know who Matt Reardon was, when you first encountered him? I've never I know, sir. I've never met him. I've heard of him, but I've never met him. That's right. And did you know him by reputation? Just so stuff that's happened in the past, what happened, I think, home was squared in 2016. Sure. Okay. And what time of the night was this when you first started your account? I believe that we worked for Fort Niagara around 01:50. Something that's closer to you. Alright. And then what time was it when mister Reardon was, charged with driving under influence? What would you have to look at, Sydney? One second. Okay. May I have a question? Is that a copy of the ticket? Yes, sir. Okay. And what's the time to stop? 01:54AM. Okay. I'm kinda getting that as there's a photo introduced, his booking photo. You know, what time that booking photo? Yes, sir. He had been in your custody from Hawthorne Road, Vienna Police vehicle to the detention center. And then at the detention center, he'd gone through four or five different subtests of the field sobriety test, then informed he was he was arrested, all that prior to that booking photo taken. Correct? Is you mentioned that having, physical problems is an innocent reason for poor performance, but what about being tired or exhausted? Is that, innocent reason why somebody might mess up these tests? It could be. And it was late at night, wasn't it? Correct. Did you let mister Wearden's wife drive the car from the scene? I I I I believe that she was from the scene that she could. I never spoke with her. Okay. You didn't make that decision? Yes, sir. Did you perform, impairment assessment or field sobriety test on the wife? No, sir. Mister advised that he was just picked her up from work at the hospital He's telling you the truth. He could be there. And he said, you know, did he cooperate? Your response was not at first. No. Were you talking about his, where you were gonna conduct the test? Correct. Okay. He wasn't not cooperating with no. I'm not gonna be subjecting you this. It was I wanna do them here. At first, he didn't wanna do the test, and I explained to him that based off his admission same? Yes, sir. Okay. But you made the decision to go to the Salic Port? Yes, sir. I did. Alright. And did the did you radio in that you were taking a possible subject to the salary port? Yes, sir. I did. Alright. When you got there, were there any people in the salary port? No, sir. There were no. Okay. You heard, if you look it I how how tall of the ceilings in the Saddle Court? Is it about like this, Goran? No. It's a little higher than that Saddle Court. Saddle Court's a little lower? Okay. What about the size of it? Is it as big as this school room? I'm not. Sorry. Alright. About is it the size from where the bar is, about this area, or even smaller than that? It's a little bit smaller than that. Okay. It's a little bit smaller than that. It's got. If you look up to your right, there's a camera, above yeah. If you look down to the end, there's another camera. Where are the cameras in the South Port? I know there's cameras there around my Canton River app. Okay. Let's do you have the video of the field sobriety test for us to look at now? Yes, sir. Okay. Well, why not? I don't at that time, I didn't have a body camera nor does my patrol drive Okay. Well, what what about Salic Port cameras? We got cameras in the Salic Port. Let's look at those. I don't have that. You don't have? I can tell you. I've asked for it. I don't have that. You don't have? I can tell you that. I've asked for it a 100 times. Do you know why that camera would not have been working that night? Yes, sir. I don't. Was there anything covering the camera? I can't do that. I didn't okay. I didn't You weren't paying attention to the cameras. Did you assume that they were on? Yes, sir. Would you have taken him to the salary court if you would know the cameras weren't gonna be running or today we would not have to be there? Yes, sir. Is that one an issue? Obscure his walking such as black eyes or anything like that. I understand understand that. There are covered areas that have videos, video cameras posted. Would you agree with that? Alright. Now despite the cameras on the ceiling, the sheriff's department had video cameras. Did you take video interviews or did video scenes of crimes? Did you ask anybody, hey. Go get a video camera. Let's video this test. Yeah. Sure. If we would have a video, would it have recorded these things that you're talking about? The swaying and the the piston of that? Yes, sir. Would you agree with me that the video would be the best evidence of how he performed on this test? It would show how he performed. Right. And it wouldn't be subject to any person. It wouldn't go through any person's filter of opinion, would it? It would be direct evidence. Doesn't show how he performed the test. Correct. Because what I think is a sway, what the judge might think is a sway, and what you might think is a sway, you might be different things. Right? Do you agree with me on that? Not necessarily. A sway is a sway. Alright. So there tell me what is the objective measurement from just having a slight movement to being considered a sweat? A slight movement is just gonna be like some a sway is a sweat. Alright. So what's the measurement? You said a sway is a sweat. Is it an inch? Is it two inches? Is it three inches? Just what's the definition of a sway? Alright. Do you know it when you see it? Yes, sir. And I might know it when I see it. Correct. And what we consider a sway might be different? It could be. Okay. The Saline Court is part of the sheriff's department and, jail facilities. Is that right? Yes, sir. And that's where you take people when you're taking them to jail. Right? Correct. Do you understand why mister Reardon might not wanted to go there? Yes, sir. Do you understand why it might have made him nervous? Yes, sir. Is nervousness also one of these innocent reasons for poor performance on standard bills of rapid test? When you gave him the h g, I always mess it up. H g n? H g n test. Did he understand the instructions? He advised you did. Yes, sir. Alright. Did he cooperate with you as you performed that test? Yes, sir. Would that indicate that he understood them? Yes, sir. Was he able to stand still and hold his head still while he move the pin back and forth? And your report does not indicate that you, as you were taking that test, that you smelled any marijuana coming from him. Right. I'm so I didn't smell any, marijuana coming from his original. I was putting away from the vehicle. Alright. And then in the modified Lomberg test, did he understand those instructions? Yes, sir. He did. Did he perform the test as requested? Correct. Alright. And at all times, he's speaking to you clearly in ways that you can understand him. Alright. Yes, sir. You can answer your question. Alright. So he's not speaking you said he didn't appear nervous, so he wasn't speaking in a breaking voice or a mumbling or anything like that. Alright. And then the lack of convergence test. Again, did he understand and comply with that? Yes, sir. Alright. And is it true that that test is designed just to see if marijuana is present, but it gives no clues of impairment? Correct. That's whether or not validating test. Alright. And that's the same thing for the wrong part. Correct? Okay. Then we get to the walk and turn. Again, you explained and you said that he understood that, those instructions. Is that right? Correct. Alright. And you say he stepped off the line. Was it a physical actual line? Yes, sir. The center court does have a line on the ground. Okay. What color is that line? Yellow. Okay. In the video, it would show up pretty clear, wouldn't it? Correct. And we'd be able to see if that foot stepped off the line. Correct. Do you remember which foot it was? Was this was it his left or his right? I can't recall. Call. What what where was it in the sequence of events? Was it in the initial nine steps or in the returning nine steps? This is your initial nine steps. Okay. And it was at step one, two, three. Do you remember which one? Yes, sir. If we had video, it would show it one. Correct. Did he entirely miss the line or did he kinda just happen to see? He stepped off it. Stepped off it. And then on the missed heel to toe, it just says it once. It doesn't say how many times. So according to the report, he had one missed heel toe? No, sir. He missed heel toe several times, but Okay. Your report you would agree with me. Your report does not indicate that he missed several missed Hilda toes. It indicates the clues that I found were watching him on the desk. The, do you have a copy of your report? Yes, sir. Okay. Is it three pages? No, sir. I'm actually missing a one of the pages in my report. Okay. Now I'm afraid to show. Is that a true and accurate of your report regarding the DUI investigation with Matt Reardon on 02/21/2021? Yes, sir. And when would you have prepared this report? Or when did you prepare this report? That night. Okay. Would you agree with me that your recollection of the investigation is better that night than it is today? Yes, sir. Did you prepare this report under your official duties to do so as a Le Fay County deputy? Yes, sir. And was the purpose of this report to prepare a record of the facts and opinions of your investigation? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Alright. Now described to the court, you say he was there's no description of how he did not maintain his balance during the instruction phase. So in the instruction phase, there's two clues that we look for and that is unable to maintain balance and starts to sink. Right. He breaks I put him in the position. I tell him to go ahead and put his left foot on the line and put his right foot heel to toe to keep his arms down by the side, and he breaks that stance. Okay. So he broke his stance? Yes, sir. That's considered a failure to maintain balance. Okay. So even if somebody, you know, just decides I'm gonna stand here instead of standing in this uncomfortable position, you may be not a balance issue. But if they break their stance, it's counted as a a failure to maintain that. Correct. And can you describe the mode in which your the way he failed to perform the, turn part of it. Yes, sir. I demonstrate to him how to do the turn, and I explained to him how the small series of steps to take. Mister Reardon did it like an about face military term. Okay. And he mentioned he's in the military. Right? Correct. When did do you physically perform that? Correct. Do you explain it? Yes. Of course. What did you say? I explained to him the first set of instructions. I tell him Yeah. Just just about the turn. Yes, sir. I did. Okay. And what do you say about the turn? I tell him that his front footer on the line and take using his back foot, take a series of small steps to turn himself around. Okay. Do you provide the number of steps? No. That's it. A series of small steps. Okay. And do you physically demonstrate that? Yes. I do. And would you have been in sight of that Sally Moore camera as you did that when you when you did that? Yes, sir. And his turn would have been inside of that camera as well. Is that correct? Yes, sir. And then on the one leg stand, you said he used his arms for balance. And I understand you're, like, putting your arms up to the side. It it doesn't have to be up just six inches away from your leg. Six inches away? Yes, sir. So three inches doesn't count. Correct. Two inches doesn't count. It's gotta be six inches. Correct. How do you know where six inches is versus five or seven? You can tell if it's closer to him, then that's probably not gonna be six inches or if he's out like this. But his arms weren't up like this. They're just out like that. Okay. Would you agree with me that sometimes you might it might actually be five inches but look like six to you? Correct. That's why I always make sure that for me, the arms are lifting up and out Okay. And then swaying, we talked about swaying, back and forth. It's kind of a subjective thing that you you determine what is or is not sway. Was that right? Correct. Now the National Highway Safety Transportation has kind of a weighted scale formula that we'll put a sway in here. We'll put a this and that. We'll analyze it, kind of get a score of impairment. Did you use that weighted scale formula when you do when you take your clues and put them in together? There is a two were walk and turn and two were more sustained. Okay. But that's so that's the test you that's the, criteria you use? Yes, sir. Okay. So you don't put them into any other formula weighing ones that might be more significant than others? And, I don't want to belabor the point, but he was cooperative as far as gearing out the instructions at the desk. Correct. Seem to understand them. Is that right? Yes, sir. You told him to do something and then he would do it or make a mistake and do it. Right. He wouldn't he did the test, but he also missed Correct. You don't know how his eyes normally look, truthy or not truthy. Correct? Those are just my observations. Gotcha. Do you have no. Hold on. No. May I have the dog just speak to my car? Yes. You mentioned that the test was an, part of an attention test, Claire. Do you have any, different instructions or different protocols if somebody tells you that they have ADHD that's untreated? I will ask them if they think they're able to perform the test. These tests are voluntary. He did not have to take the test. I asked him if he had any physical impairments, and he told me he had his he had backaches for the morning. He never mentioned people who have ADHD. Okay. And while it is voluntary, Okay. And while it is voluntary, that doesn't mean his knee all of a sudden got better. And that knee can affect his performance of the test. Correct. Do you have any explanation why the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department has not provided us a copy with the salad court video of this standard field sobriety test? And, of course, the opposite of subjective is objective. That's not what what y'all were talking about. You you mentioned it should be. You stay tuned. You know, it just sounded like the auction. I've heard to amend that citation, make it clear that that's what we're talking about in this instance. You know, it's not all alcohol. You mentioned that in your testimony. It's objection. We've known what it was about since the very beginning. That's a, error in writing the ticket and, we understand that. No text. So it's true. And and we've been talking about it all all before. It's it's As it relates to your training and experience in these fields, as it relates to now I understand you're talking about clues. Mister Driscoll has asked, well, what does that have to do with that? What what what are these clues indicate to you? What are you looking for? What what what what does that show to you as a trusted dog? That he wasn't here. Construction. So somebody's made the determination that that marijuana affects your ability to to function like you should? Is that is that the the assumption there that you understand is going on here? Yes, sir. Sentence? Correct. K. I got a quote. Can, we have our report and we did the ticket, for sure, as exhibit the next two exhibits. No objection. Is that correct? No objection. You may have your I have to open it. That's copy. You can, we can use that to do that. It's all three pages. No objection. Okay. I got answered that, in a request early on. Here. State Man Sheriff's Park. Is that correct, sir? Yes, sir. Alright. And as much as you've been saying, you you sat through this trial. All of you weren't there exactly. So let me just confirm that at all, were you? No. You weren't there on the scene with mister Beard and then arrived at him on the Absolutely. There's been some talk with Sally for the video and location cameras and the like. I'm assuming you've got cameras perhaps throughout the vacationing detention. Yes. What how do those cameras access? Who's in control? What what what are those is the data preserved on that? Can you can you shed some light on that, sir? Yes. So cameras that we put in, before I came here, they're for security purposes. They are kept for brief time for seven days where they rotate. All our cameras are only there for seven days and they automatically rotate over. So it's, it's there and if there's some something bad happens, and I know it's there's why you why don't you keep it frozen or not flat? But they're there for for the bad mix, is that the reason? Yes. I for a mile, I've never known anyone to have as it relates to video from even the booking area or whatever, would that be something that that you guys would would disseminate? I'm ready. No, sir. Tell tell us the reason behind that. It's for security reasons. So one here by our jail, the location of our jail got sent out, how we properly how we do things in the jail, how our work and day operations work. That's just not something we make public to everyone. And and and the salary were just directly attached to the jail? Yes, sir. Is that that's the same reason that you you guys don't give out those salary board videos? Yes. If if if they ask properly for that? If if a judge were to give them in a certain time, then we would we would apply to them. We don't give them out. Just have to request of an officer or something. Okay. But but there you you don't ask within seven days. They're gone. You you don't nobody. They're they're gone. They're right. Yes, sir. That's okay. Any questions? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Sheriff, please, we've been producing a copy of the video of the parking lot in another one we're about to take up. How on earth do we preserve that video and not have the video of the DUI? The moment of the arrest, we preserved him at that time. Okay. So he was arrested for DUI there in the Salicourt. And just like that video was preserved, the Salicourt video could have been preserved too. Could have been. Well, We have no witnesses, John. Alright. Disgressed. And to that end, what I was gonna do as far as if you're interested, I'm going to, you know, if I need to look over something, the statute or something like that. I don't reserve, making a decision until we get all the cases heard anyway. Now if I'm using any information from any other case to for my decision with this case, but I ain't going to. I look and wanna look up some stuff here on this case, on this particular one. Next one, I may not have to, but I won't do this. Would you like to do now or, kind of do a complete summary at the end? No. I'm I'm with the arguments. As far as at the end of this one, I just want y'all be understand that I probably will not be in each decision after each set of cases. Absolutely. Absolutely. I'll probably, reserve to that time. And when and not excluding mister, we'll kind of summarize when we get to that time if that leads us to court. Okay.