Source: 11-4-21Trial_Disorderly Conduct and Resisting.mp3
Drive file id: 1Z1URaD1wK7fDOeZCE0h4ab5plg09yLhT
Batch: Tier1_TrialAudio_11-4-21

I see you have you have to do it. You have to coordinate Dixon of the Bay County Sheriff's Department. Is that correct, sir? Yes, sir. I'm gonna direct your attention to the twenty eighth day of December It was back into a sheriff's department. It's labeled off, like, if you look out of the break room, you can see in a hurry if they need to correct. Is that correct? Is that where you got the designation? Or do you see a vehicle in a jet spot? Describe how the used car for the area and and what you did was back across? The Black Kia Soul was bagged into the area he needs to speak to the sheriff or things of that nature. And he was screaming screaming it loudly as I gave chase behind him. Didn't be eating until we gave chase also. He was running sideways. So it wasn't like a long chase, but it was short. And I restrained him. We took him down. And as we was trying to place him in cubs, he was in, like, a field position down on his knees. He had his arms. Like, he's very tense. So as I was reaching under him, I scuffed those on my shoulders. I had scratches on my shoulders trying to get my hands from under him from the pavement. We finally got I got an addiction. Watch this until the first time you see the card that you you That's not the part that's right here. That's that's good. That's that's that was wide open for anybody and everybody. Yes. Okay. All the both of them came off right there. So we're all camera at that point. I won't ask you a few questions. What what's that on his window, frankly, for this vehicle that he got, some kind of tar, a blue tar what what happens out there? What what what what's going on? What what's going on? Nothing as it relates to mister Beard or his person. No objection. Inside the jail where we have to go through two other doors to gain access to the book and everything. So if I'm if I'm understanding you correctly, you walk in the front door, and that's the lobby to the sheriff's department. That's not the jail per se. No. You've gotta go through the end. So if you ever had a key or have something, you get on to the back part of the unit. So that's the door you kicked, or was it taken? Kicked. Morning, deputy Dixon. You and I know each other during term. We sit practically next to each other. We sit down. I'm gonna be formal or try to be formal with you, and please don't take that personally. Alright? I will. How am speaking of during term, you'll walk up to me to talk about somebody there to see me, or I'll walk up to you, tell them that is this person concerned. How is the person supposed to know when, law enforcement officer is walking to them, whether they're just walking to talk or they are walking to initiate an arrest? Basically, if we give them an order, if I walk up on upon someone and I tell them to do I give them a command and they don't follow it, and then I tell them two other times to do that to do so. If they don't do it at that point, you're disciplined. Okay. Those are the commands about your to do it in going to mister Reardon, you ask him to move the vehicle. Yes. And he would move the vehicle. I understand that. Now, how is somebody supposed to know after that's happened that you've made the decision to arrest and as you approach them that you are initiating that arrest? What do you tell them? If anything, you might just grab it. I don't know. What do you say to them to notify them that they are now being put under arrest? Place your hands behind me. Okay. And did you say that to mister Reardon? To my knowledge, I believe so. Okay. You said you believe so. Is there a, possibility that you didn't say it? If we have some audio recording of me saying so, then Then you say it. That's it. Right. Have you seen the audio recording that mister Reardon posted online of this incident? I don't keep up with his videos because he edited some. He edited some. I just go off what someone has told me about the videos. I don't follow him on social media. I I completely understand that. As far as this particular one that you're on, and I might have you speaking on it, have you ever watched, or listened to an audio of this and the camera? Very little. Okay. In that audio, do you say did you hear yourself say, put your hands behind your back? No. I did. I remember. Did you say you were under arrest before you approached him in that, a mode to put him under custody? You were telling him to move. Right? Yes. Now he need to move. And he moved, did he? You weren't telling him to stand still. Did you ever say stand still? No. Did you ever say like that? No. Did you ever say, strike that. Did he tell you that he was recording, before the incident? He did not. Did you ever tell him to, drop whatever was in his hands? No. Alright. Do the signs there at that parking spot it's my recollection because I go to the jail location. Maybe you should be off to the reserved for sheriff's department. Let me look at a photo inside of my notice. Absolutely. Alright. Reserved for sheriff's d e p t period. Alright. Now the jail is also at that facility. Is that right? Yes. Alright. So and then there's the sheriff's department. Right? Well, this all of it we call we may say the sheriff's department. We may say the Louisiana Detention Center. But it's Somebody could be coming to the jail to visit somebody in jail or to bond somebody out of jail and see that sign and say, okay. That's not for me. But somebody might be there to see the sheriff's department and say, yes. I'm here for the sheriff's department. This is a good place for me to park. Alright. Now at this time, there were empty parking spots here and there in this, parking lot even with mister Reardon in this reserved for sheriff's department spot and poorly parked there. Right? And with that tarp that he couldn't see through, that could be an explanation of why he was pulled apart too. Can't see his rearview mirror, see what lines he's on. You didn't even see through that. Right? No. Okay. Now did you come out specifically to speak to Matt? I did. Alright. Were y'all watching the video someplace in there, watching the the parking lot? I went inside the break room to get some water, and I noticed the video recording right there. Okay. So you saw it through the window? Yes. Prior to that, did anybody mention that Matt Reardon is out there? Not that I know of. Do you know if anybody was back watching the videos in Johnny's office or some place? I don't know. And that's the jail administrator. None, your honor. Did you ask to preserve this video? I didn't. Okay. I'm not sure. Did you ask to preserve the interior videos that would have, proof of those things you talked about inside? No. I did not. K. Do you know if anybody did? I I don't know. When it comes to videos and stuff like that at sheriff's department, my rank doesn't require me to mess with any video at the sheriff's department. Understood. And at during the whole incident, I really didn't think about those cameras out there upfront. And you said cameras. Where where is there another camera? It's two cameras that face at the front. They're facing like, one's facing that way, one's facing that way. Okay. Is there a camera on this corner of the building over which will be closer to where sheriff e's parked? It is, but it's been disabled for years. Okay. And that's what Sheriff's. Alright. Who owns this land? Is it county or sheriff's department? Or do you none? County. I'm not saying anything. We're county. Are you aware of any ordinance or policy or procedure that designates that spot is off limits to the public? I mean, common sense to tell you that this designated for sheriff's deputies, no one has ever gone there. So we're in the designated handicap area. So, I mean, everybody pretty much knows that those apartment spots are former citizen's department deputies. I understand that that's what you I understand your testimony. I'm trying to see, is it legal for Matt to park there? Is he breaking a law when he parks in that spot? Is there an ordinance which would have the effect of law that that says the public cannot park in those spots? Not much. Alright. What would probably happen is we put up a couple of signs because those are the closest spots, and that way y'all get it in and out quicker. Right? And all the people that need to get in and out quicker. It makes sense. That doesn't make it illegal, though, does it? No. Alright. And if it's not illegal, then your command for him to move his vehicle was not a lawful command, was it? If I get someone to come in, yes. Okay. But you can't just give somebody to commit for anything. No. You can't command me to conduct my examination five feet to the right? Correct. Alright. And so his car, is it impeding any track? If the person they try if if he tries to coordinate to them, they probably can't fit into that area frequently because he's parked over the line. Alright. And, that's my next question. Is there any county ordinance this is you have to comply with parking lot parking space designation to the county areas? I'm not sure about the county area. And so is his vehicle blocking a fire hydrant? No. Is his vehicle there, blocking any view of traffic so that somebody couldn't see a pedestrian or any kind of danger like that? Alright. Your purpose of telling him to move was because he was in a spot designated for the sheriff's department. Right? Yes. Does the sheriff department have a written policy procedure for what you were supposed to do when you initiate an arrest as far as commands you're supposed to give somebody? Yes. And they're supposed to be verbal commands that clearly indicate that the person is under arrest and should comply with those commands. Right? Yes. Do you have your, affidavit you prepared, in front of this? I do. Okay. I wanna look at the affidavit for the resisting arrest. The first part is resist by violence. We'll look at just read the resist by violence and running away from his lawful address. Okay? Would the running away be from when you approached him on this video and he ran to the center of the parking lot? Yes. Is that the running away? It is. Okay. And then the violence, was that what occurred while you were trying to take him down? Yes. Okay. And as I understand it, he kinda followed up. Yeah. He was doing some movement with his feet, a little less kicking from my point of view. Right. You were focused on getting control of him. Yes. Certainly not looking at studying what his feet were doing the whole time. Right? Yes. And did he have some electronics in his hand? He did. I'm not sure what he was doing with it, but I'm pretty sure he was recording. And when he was searched, did he have a recording device in his front pocket? He had something. I'm not sure. Okay. So he could have been protecting those devices as he goes down? Could have been. I see. Or turning them on or off? I'm not sure. Okay. What it looked like for me, he wasn't trying to get put in close because he kept saying no. He was he was moving. He did say, I was moving my vehicle. I was moving my vehicle. But if you're moving your feet here, why don't you run away? Gotcha. You're bigger than Maverick. Aren't you? I am. Alright. And he he never swung at you, though. No. Did he? Did and and after requesting my client, I wanna ask you this to make sure. Did you and you never requested to enter your videos. Right? No. Did anyone ever ask you to say, hey, Courtney. You better make sure you request that again, and you just drop the call. No. I think I've got to ask once again, you know. That's not even part of your job. I understand. I just wanna make sure that, we cover that. Thank you, Mitchell. Mitchell. Mitchell. This this one does not happen. How about and you have something like it starts off with the top source of activity? Yes. Alright. And and you've got investigation in there? Yes. Alright. Since you approached a 2013 Kia Soul black in color, you with me on that? Yes. Read what you wrote. When did you do this report? I've been in, the same day of this. Okay. Read what you wrote down the same day of the incident as information to what you did. From after the Like, when you start investigation and he needed to move. Matthew was taking up two parking spots because he was parked across the line. Once I gave Matthew the verbal command, he stated no, and he needed to speak to one last time to move, and he stated, no. I need to speak with sheriff Joe East again. I've been told Matthew to place his hands behind his back. But when I commanded him to do so, he began to back away from me. As I walked closer to Matt, he the intern and began to run sideways. If it's him when I gave Chase behind him, I then tackled Matthew, and he began to exist by not placing his hands behind his back and constantly saying he needed to speak to the sheriff. We just had the were the affidavits and his report of the tax, if you'd like him to be since he read through through his redirect. I've got a problem with that yet. Okay. Can you introduce? Yeah. He's met with, great objection. I've got a nice day shot in this. I need to use it here for this, but I will gladly I have a comment. I I not and mister Dixon or Deputy Dixon the excuse for something, sir. Okay. And the black Kia Soul, on the other side of of is that the vehicle you're talking about? You you were answering that the Durango? Yes, sir. I was in that Durango. When you got out of your vehicle, could you see in the into the Kia Soul? I could not. I I remember looking. I couldn't see through the, through the tarp that was over the driver's side window. If I remember correctly, the vehicle wasn't running. So I had assumed he was inside. So I was going into the building to find him and ask him to move his vehicle. Okay. So so you didn't you didn't receive that there was anybody in it? I couldn't see it. I couldn't see it. Didn't strike you as I have it down there. It didn't it didn't make you think of it? It does but the amount of vehicles I see with tarps and, and plastic bags that hangs over the windows that have been knocked out, it's not uncommon. So you you're going in there. What happens? As I'm walking into the, the side door of the Sheriff's Department, that's when Deputy Dixon walked out of the side door. And I asked him if something along the lines of, you know, I believe so. Okay. What what happened? What what do you remember happened? Mister Reardon had stepped out of his car as we were walking back up to it, and, deputy Dixon immediately began to address him, Yes, sir. Something along his lines. But but whatever was said, whatever happened, what did mister Beardie do in response to that? Whenever he was told to, license half, he He if I were if I remember correctly, he turned to, to run towards the middle of the parking lot. It it seemed to me like an attempted plea on foot. Okay. So so what did you guys do? Deputy Dixon would that was immediately catch him and, apprehended me. I placed Matt on the ground so we could, continue to gain control of him, place my handcuffs. What happened next? He was, he was placing handcuffs and, then escorted into the jail. Anything else happen outside? Not that I can recall. Was he charged for anything that happened inside? I stayed outside of Yeah. He was take pictures of his car and insert a parking spot. It was we we attempted to do an inventory search to the best of our ability. The general state of the inside of the scars, it it just raved. It was pretty it was pretty messy. It made you do an inventory search relatively difficult. Normally, just, as our proceed as our standard operating procedure is with the sheriff's department, anytime we have, anytime a rest is made, we do inventory search. Just looking in there, what appeared to be the call? Is it anything of value or what was? He had a computer and, I believe, a microphone, maybe some headphones. And then outside of that, I don't believe there's anything else to value. What was Deputy Simple, as you walked by the car, did, mister Reardon start yelling and cussing at you? Not to my recollection. Was he could you hear any yelling and cussing coming from the car like he was up to something? No, sir. I did not. Was the car moving like there was some kind of commotion or ruckus or fight going on in the car? It was not. Was there any reason to move the car except for where it was parked? I mean, it's parked in a reserved parking spot. From outside of that, no. Okay. Who reserved that parking spot? It's reserved for the sheriff's department. Who who did that? Who said this is a reserved parking spot? Nobody has some parking. Those parking spots have been reserved since I've been a deputy. Sure. And who did that before you became a deputy? I I don't know for it back. I can't testify to it. If you were gonna write a ticket to somebody for parking there, do you know what ordinance you would go to that looks at parking in the Sheriff's Reserve parking spot? That'd be not. Alright. And there might not be a ordinance to that effect. There may not be. Could be. Somebody put up some signs that we're gonna call these reserved parking spots. Right? Could be. And that wouldn't make it illegal for me to park there, would it? To my knowledge, it would not. Okay. When he began to move away from, Deputy Dixon, Did you observe him take any, type any attempt to get swing at, Deputy Dixie? No. It it appeared to just be passive resistance. And in fact, he kinda curled up, didn't he? He may have. I I had to set my computer down. I sold my, my portable computer, so I had to set it down. So I'm Have you seen a video of this? I have. Is just the video accurately representing what happened? Yes. Don't understand this for me. Yes, sir. Alright. Let's, let me watch. He could be back here in thirty seconds. Oh, there he is. He's already is that him outside the car? From this angle, I can't see anyone outside the car. Might be able to see some movement right there. It's possible. Okay. Come on over here if you want to. It's about to go down. I'll rewind it for a bit. That's your vehicle pulled in. Is that right? That's correct. I'm sorry. This will take an extra minute. This claim is hard. It'll be like, what do you want to use? Were you on duty at this time? I was. Is that your regular patrol vehicle? It was at the time. I'm no longer in that vehicle. Back in December 2020, did you have a dash cam on that vehicle? No, sir. Did you have a body cam at this time? No, sir. Can you see it now from over here? I can. Okay. Now is this around the time when, mister w Dixon tells him to put his hands behind his back? I believe so. Yeah. I know the, the verbal exchange of you need to move your car began farther away from the car, so it may not have been right there. I believe he was addressed at least once as we were approaching him. Alright. You can take a look at this. Thank you. Thank you too. And having seen that again, when he is, physically, I guess, did he have any electronics in his pockets? I don't I do not recall. I do recall having a headbob sent, though. Headbob. During that, he was locked down as opposed to fighting y'all off. Is that right? Yes, sir. Okay. And when you make or or putting someone under arrest, physically taking control of their person, Yes, ma'am. And whether it's put your hands up Yes, sir. And whether it's put your hands up or put your hands behind your back, put your hands on the car, lay down something to tell the person what to do. Yes, sir. And that signifies to the person that they're under arrest and they better start doing what you say. Is that right? Yes, sir. As well as advising them that they are being placed under arrest. Sure. Did you initiate the process for this video footage being preserved? I did not. Did you ask for any other video footage inside the, facility or not to be preserved? No, sir. Did anyone ever ask you to do that Did any job follow-up just needed it done? Yes, sir. Okay. And I wasn't expecting that to happen. No offensive question. Was any contraband found in the car? Not to my right questions. That may happen to know that Sean. Yes. So it's so we're gonna have to have new media or something. What's that time period? Seven days. Seven after seven days, it starts again on the Out in front where where where Deputy Dixon had to had to arrest his restraint. That that particular Yes, sir. On that particular day, so it was okay for me to go back a little bit. I have received some emails from from Matt. I think I provided them to you earlier when we first started this probably a year ago whenever I'm on this process. And then I got an email from him earlier that day. He he wanted to discuss something. I got all the details. I get emails from him quite often, usually on a weekly or or every two week basis. Later that day, I got a second email from him. He wanted to see him. I came to the office. I need to get back to the office probably I came to the office. I didn't get back to the office probably, about thirty hour. And then when it happened, I've been up in Chantry Court, in a board meeting. And when I came back, as I pulled in, I noticed that, man's car was a little black hatchback like car was parked over facing Jackson Avenue. And, so I pulled in. I got out of my truck, went to the back of it, stood there because I I was assuming he probably wanted to see me because he'd sit in a couple of emails. Stood there for a few seconds. Matt never got out. Usually, he's there waiting on me if I come. So I go ahead and go inside. I got in my office. And as I was sitting down, I heard a, high pitched scream. I actually assumed that there was someone being assaulted and a female was being assaulted outside because we started the safe side. Same side, So I I was assuming that something like that happened. So I came out of office. I was kinda, sprinting down the hallway. I saw another deputy go out the back seat. And as I got out there, two deputies, Dixon and, Tibble, were, cuffing, McReardon. He was on the ground. They were starting to pick him up as I got there. So you didn't see what what it was for or anything? No. When I came back out after they got him off and came in, I noticed that his car was backed into, beside my truck. So it's in an area that's about five or six positions there that's reserved for sheriff's department. And I noticed he had backed in there. And so I I don't know what transpired. Sheriff's department is open from what time to what time to the general public? Eighty five. Eighty five. So if you're through five. If you're after five, door locked or Yes, ma'am. You guys how do you guys access, So it's key access to get in? Yes, sir. So if somebody wants to see Joe East, Joe Citizen wants to see Joe East. They need to come between eight and five. Yes, sir. They can contact me, set a meeting of I'm pretty available. I'm there pretty much all the time. So I have to have appointments come in and I'll I'll try to make arrangements. Say I wanted to come in there and see. So I call over there and talk to you so when when you're there in a meeting, were you doing something else? Do you necessarily immediately respond to the No, sir. No. So And in fact, when I got back after the arrest, I got back in and he had he had sent a third email that I that I opened once I got inside pretty demanding, like, if you don't come out, I'll have to come look for you type deals. You don't have yeah. Basically, if you won't respond to me, I'm gonna come up there and wait you out type deal. I don't know the exact wording, but it was like he came looking for me. I actually responded to him in the appropriate manner that he thought I should have. So he he was gonna come up there and and wake me out or or stand out there. Oh, but then go to the logic if you go in there. In fact, do recollections after hours. Yes, sir. I think that's right. In order to tell, you grab up, shake the door, go back to your car. If you can't get in, you can't get in. Correct. Would that be about the oil weight you tell it is open or not? Yes, sir. So say a fellow pulls up, sits in his car for about ten minutes, then moves his car, never gets out, never shakes the door. What what I mean, what do you think of that scenario? If he didn't get a car, what what he would be waiting? Would I have to be on vacation or he's just sitting there, waiting for me to pull in, I guess, to sabotage me or try to get you off guard or something like that. I don't know why they anybody would sit in the park like this to wait and not know what experience is or As the sheriff, are you responsible for the county's buildings? Some. Yes, sir. The courthouse, I'm responsible for that. Security of all of them, unfortunately, but the sheriff's department definitely. But just been made, ask a question of your deputies about the the authority apparent, assuming however you want, say it about you placing parking prohibitions in front of the sheriff's That's a county property. And although it's open to public, it's my interpretation that I have the right to limit parking, especially on a private property. But ours is a county property. You you guys don't you don't just have administrative offices, do you, sir? No, sir. We run a correctional facility along with communications. For, I I I guess for safety purposes, you need to have it accessible to your deputies should the need arise. Oh, yes, sir. Specifically, as it relates to mister Reardon that day, anything else other than that, he he had been trying to contact you, but wasn't able to you weren't able to get back with me then for that age? That's the only thing I could call. He was just trying to reach me by email. Have you looked at the video of, of what's going on there? Mister Reardon's actions, where he was, didn't get any of that. Well, it seems to honor I'm I'm gonna object that, the sheriff, while we appreciate his opinion, he's certainly a, experienced law enforcement officer. We have the testimony of the people that were involved and even a video of it in the sheriff's opinion, is irrelevant. I think it's very relevant to this. She got an individual that's looking for the sheriff. Comes up to the sheriff's department demanding to see what's left of the sheriff through the emails. It's sitting in the parking lot, by calculation. It is well over fifteen minutes in two different spots and and they don't attempt to try to go up and gain entry to the building or sit this year. And it's preserved on video. I'm just asking somebody his interpretation of of those actions and you know, what what in his perspective what was going on. No response, John. I'm gonna allow the question. Go ahead. What I thought was was strange is that based on the two emails I hadn't read to Durban, I I was under the opinion that that Matt was there looking for me based off the two emails that I had read. So that's the reason I stayed stopped at the back of my truck. His car was parked directly to the right of me facing Jackson. When I came back out, he had backed in and positioned himself right next to my vehicle. It's obvious that, officer Dixon asked him to leave, asked him to move, Alright. That'll give us Think you're gonna come in about 02:45. So with that player, it's hard to get exactly where we wanna go. Now these if you're looking at the screen, there's one, two, three, four non handicapped spots. Are those all reserved? Correct. And what did the sign specifically say? I don't have a picture of the sheriff's department. Maybe I'm I'm not sure if you Dixon put it in his report that they say reserved for sheriff's DPT period. Reserved for sheriff's department. Does that sound right? That I would agree with that. And it's the one on the oh, well, here we go. The one in said reserved for sheriff only. Is that your vehicle right there? Yes, sir. And that's it. 245246Ish. Let's see. Is that you getting out of that vehicle, Sheriff? Yes. I guess. I ain't seen that. Let's go back. And you can come closer if you want to. You see if you look if you look at the prosecutor's screen, it actually has a little bit more. The big video screen cuts it off so. Mitchell. Yes. It is. 254, the video. Is that you getting out of the truck? I think you walked to the park to the, Yes, sir. I hesitated there in someone's car and instead of walking to the back, I I misfigured and I stood there for a second and then I went inside. Yes, sir. Okay. So to now refresh your recollection on whether you stood at the back of the escrow. Alright. And, you alright. If then you can return to Wednesday and if you want to, share. Now we've got the safe space. We're dropping off kids on custody. If I sell a bicycle on Facebook, I can say, let's meet the sheriff's department parking lot. Is that right? And so that time, it was pretty clear. If you're there for safe space, don't park there. Right? We've got somebody visiting the jail. Hey. I'm visiting the jail. I'm I'm here for jail business. That sign's pretty clear. You're not there. Don't park there if you're there for the jail. But couldn't somebody see that sign that says sheriff's department only and think, hey. If I'm here for the sheriff's department, this is where I'm supposed to park. I know, sir. I would think that was park that was for sheriff's department. Maybe that only sheriff's department vehicle shouldn't park here. That's exactly how it's Official vehicle zone. That's exactly how it's That's not what the sign said. That's not what the sign says. That's not what you're asking. I I know. But that's what I'm asking you now. That's not what the sign says. No. Okay. Okay. Now the sheriff's department closes, you said, kind of officially, with the prosecutor at 05:00. You said all the office staff is usually And this happened after 05:00. I'm assuming I don't know exactly the time. Okay. It was after a board meeting. I will, I think the, I don't know, reports or, he was booked. It said or it says one of the officers says 05:08. So after those working hours, do people still have to comply with those signs? Yes, sir. I don't think it it doesn't have a sign. It's costly. They don't have time to steer the farm number. Okay. Now your officers, will they arrest somebody, or taking somebody under arrest, are they supposed to make that very clear to the person by giving them verbal notice that they are under arrest and give commands about what the person should do, whether it's place their hand behind their backs or whatever. What I think you're trying to say is is there, a standardization of how to make an arrest, and that would be no. Alright. Is evaluation dictates the course of action upon the salary? Not it's not it's not like a DUI. It's not standardized that you have to say a, b, c, d, and d. Right. Is there a either in your department specifically a policy and procedure or an industry, so to speak, standard that an officer should give verbal command and notice to a person being placed under arrest if he can do so without jeopardizing his safety. At some point in time, the person should be advised they're under a prison for what reason? In that time, that is. I'm not sure. Okay. If mister Dixon asked mister Reardon to move the car, he didn't move the car. And then mister Dixon, again, physically encroaching onto mister Reardon without any notice or instruction for what he was doing. Is it illegal for mister Reardon to back up? You mentioned the document retention policy as far as the videos of seven days. And, certainly, this video was requested and preserved within that seven day time period. Did you request that preservation or was that delegated to someone else? That's right. I asked them to save it for several fact. We just put them up. I don't know how long we have them, so we I knew we'd have them. I didn't have them. So, I told them to go ahead and pull the video. And for other cameras in the department and jail facilities, sometimes videos are saved, whether it's a somebody tries to escape and we got that old camera. We'll say, how do I save that? Use that as evidence. Right? We could. Yeah. The internal the internal we use, we have a right to save them if we claim something we needed for court or process or there's some proper attention that's capable of escape. And that's been done, hasn't it? And that's been done. Does the sheriff's department sometimes get requests from a parent saying, hey. I can't see my child. I need y'all's help. Sure. Okay. And then you've dealt with disgruntled parents before? Yes, sir. People are frustrated with the system? Yes, sir. When Matt was emailing you, do you recall it being about his family situation? I brought a copy, I think, if you'd like to see it. No. I'm fine. I don't know what it's about. Usually, Matt I I don't know what it's about. Matt's come see me numerous times. It's usually Matt believes that that he has been done wrong through the history of his I've been several years. Yes, sir. From, being arrested to so he he kinda goes back and forth to different things. Yes. He does talk about corona stuff and forces, and then he'll go into the criminal side and reach the arrested. So without reading the email, I don't know exactly what it was. That's that's fair enough. That's fair enough. During those times with Matt, you know, have you ever been, I mean, intimidated that he was gonna hurt you or anything like that? Basically, did you expect him to try to jump in that parking lot that day when you saw this video? What I have found about Matt Reardon is he's unpredictable, and he seems to be getting worse as time goes on. He seems to be believing, in my opinion, a conspiracy theory that only he believes. So I would take that as a person. Does not think he's a stable person. Anyone that has plead guilty to a crime and believes that it was orchestrated does not make good sense to me. So, yeah. I I think he's a threat. I think he's a threat to anybody that disagrees with him. And but at this point in time, what happened that day was he was standing in the corner of his car talking 40 and wouldn't move his car. Is that right? No, sir. That Tuesday, he came looking for me. Right. And he was talking for me. He came looking to the sheriff to address him because of whatever agitation he was at that time. So, you know, I would say he would be a threat, and he prepared for that threat if that happened. He wasn't arrested for threatening Sherry. He would be arrested because he did not leave when he was asked to for disorderly conduct, disobeying the direct order from a law enforcement officer, which also goes to show someone's ability not to comply in nonmedical status. Most people leave when they're asked to leave or move. Thanks, perhaps as a supervisor, as his boss, tell me, what what could mister Dixon have done after having been told, you know, what what he was told today? I need to speak with Joey. Well, the first part is no. I need to speak with Joey. And that was speak with the chair of Joey East. I advised Matthew to speak with the sheriff when he needed to move the vehicle. No. Well, and and and, again, that is correct to the characterization of the conversation. Nobody was asking him to leave. Court's deputy Dixon simply asked him to move to another spot. Move his car? Yes. Of course. When you arrived, was the car there? No, sir. He was parked as a video showed across from. Across the way. So he'd already moved his car once to that location. Yes, sir. About making a a arrest warrant. And and I wrote down as quickly as I could, so tell me if I get it wrong. The situation dictates the course of action. You remember saying that? Yes. There's no standardization on out of making the rails. Some things have to be quick, did it not? Yes. You'd ask to turn around or the guy takes off, in a different direction than what you're doing. What what do you do in that instance? You get chased. You go after it. You just want to get free body language, you read attitudes, just the environment itself is how dictates what you do and how you do it and you just try to justify it in writing and Yes. So I wanna okay. This was not part of the affidavit. The affidavit was fleeing from me. He never said anything about continually resisting arrest within the facility. The affidavit says he resisted arrest by foot by running from me. This is goes way beyond what was alleged in the affidavit, and that is not part of this charge. They they are tussling in the apartment after this arrest or after this trying to achieve this. So that that's my response there. I you know, once they once they get him in the building and all that, I I don't know how you can resist arrest when they get you on a sale back there. I guess you could still be disruptive, but that's not at all what I'm talking about. It's not at all what I'm trying to impart you on. I don't know. I was asked if whether the behavior inside was resistant behavior. It certainly appeared like it was going toward that there was con a continuing resistance when all this charge was running away from his lawful arrest. Yes. Stay at risk. Are we gonna yeah. I need a short break. I don't know if it's according to this break for lunch or not, but I definitely need five minutes or so. It's that short break and, it's my whole team, No. Got that's fine. Yes, your honor. Under rule 21 of the Mississippi rules rules of criminal procedure, if I do not make a motion for a directed verdict now, I can't make it later, and an appeals court can't test the, sufficiency or weight of the evidence. I'd like to move for dismissal, based on the sufficiency of the evidence. The charge of disorderly conduct, is ninety seven thirty five seven one, which requires with an intent to provoke a breach of the peace under circumstances that may lead to a breach of the peace or which may cause a breach of the peace, the failure to comply with the lawful request or command, and subsection a is move himself or his vehicle, which I think this would fall under. But what it's gotta be is a lawful request. There's kind of been an assumption that it's against the law to park in that spot or to park on the line on the spot. We can't, find somebody criminally responsible based on an assumption. Part of the cases, part of the state's case was to prove that that was a lawful request, and they have failed to prove it. If the disorderly conduct, is charge is, not good, then it follows that the resisting arrest charge must be dismissed, which requires a lawful arrest. If they or there was no underlying offense, then the arrest can't be lawful. On top of that, even if the arrest was lawful, there's no not been sufficient evidence that mister Reardon was obstructing or resisting by force or violence. Deputy Dixon said, I do not know if I said to put your hands up to stop or gave him any commands. He could not rule out the possibility that he did not. And, without that, all we have is a deputy stepping towards a person who was lawfully standing in place and then moved to another place. Just like the deputy can't tell me where to be took my examination, he cannot keep the defendant from stepping away from him. If, he cannot testify beyond a reasonable doubt that he ordered him to stop, ordered him to put his hands up, ordered him that he was under arrest, then the resisting arrest charge must be dismissed and also because the underlying disorderly conduct should be dismissed. Thank you, Your Honor. Yes, Your Honor. Yes, Your Honor. Unless you're disorderly conduct, obviously, you know, the the chair, in addition to the jail, which, I would argue has a special, need for security and safety for those who use that, for those that are housed in there. I guess, there will, I should ask. You know, nobody, wants to be in jail. Nobody needs to be in jail. So the sheriff, Says sheriff's department, I forget the exact quote. I'll allow the the the testimony of the officers. Officer Dixon, who who who told us what way was they? Obviously, mister Reardon was there. He was parked in two spots, not just one. He was parked in front of that sign that says sheriff's department, use or or whatever the the words were. He was asked to move his car. Move your car. You don't have to leave. Move your car. And the answer was no. State feels that it's shown on the 9730 about '71. This will become a a awful request of the officer, as it relates to the words, you're under arrest. I think an officer, he was unsure what he said. But then you started talking about this, and he's put better by the sheriff situation. Like looking at his reports, which is exhibit number three there. And he went back and read that correctly. He said, put your hand behind your back. And that's when he turned and and made that motion to move away. And then, with with with violence, it wasn't much violence since you know, it wouldn't punch or anything like that to the officer. I mean, mister Grissell went through through those scenarios, but he was resisted the whole time. Tensed up. He wouldn't get up. He wouldn't move. He wouldn't so and the officer asked him. Yeah. State bills held him on both counts. It's a privilege case. Both cases beyond reason. And so You know, they're already gonna base on that? No, sir. Thank you, honor. We call mister Eared. Do you have any No. Not at all. Okay. Yes. Mister Reardon, have we talked about your right to testify or to not testify? Yes. And you understand that you do not have to testify and that the judge would not take a negative inference from that if you didn't testify. Yes, sir. But you also have the right to testify, and nobody can keep you from testifying if you want to. You understand that? Yes, sir. Would you like to testify or not testify? I would like to testify. Alright. Is that your voluntary decision after consulting with Whitney? Yes, sir. Alright. Mister Reardon, did deputy duty Dixon ever tell you to put your hands up? No. Did he ever tell you to stop? No. Did he ever tell you you're under arrest? No. I mean, I talked about during that the confrontation in the parking lot. I I never audibly heard the command you're under arrest. Never heard the command to stop. Did you record audio record that interaction? Yes, sir. And have you provided me a copy of that recording? Yes, sir. Alright. May I play that recording of, the the court once I know these are just background noises and stuff, but, mister Rear, do you recognize that as a recording you took of, leading up to the Vienna till 12/28/2020? Yes, sir. And that honk was deputy Tidwell locking his car, after he got out. Do you recognize whose voice that was? That was, Courtney Dixon. Did you understand that that was a request to move your vehicle? Yes. Okay. I would ask you, what did the sign say that you were parked in front of? Preserve four sheriff's department. Okay. And you just said you were there for what? I was there to see the sheriff, in regards to my daughter. I hadn't I'd I'll ask you about that in a second. Sorry to cut you off. But, was it your understanding if you were there for the to sheriff's care meeting your yes. Why why did you park in that Hang on just a second. I believe there was an objection. Objection to the meeting. I I would try. I led led some background, but I I would object to that. It's for withdrawal. Why were you parked in that spot? I parked in that spot because the driver's side window was knocked out of my car. I did have a tarp there. Where I was parked, I could, I could not hardly, see when the sheriff was coming out through the rear view mirror. I couldn't see the side view mirror, and I simply wanted to, speak with the sheriff because I couldn't get a response from, through email. And why did you think that that sign didn't prohibit you from parking there? Well, there's the jail and the sheriff's department. If I I figured the sign would have said for sheriff's deputies only. It had it have said, authorized for official vehicles only or for sheriff's deputies only. I would have inferred it to be that. It's saying sheriff's department reserved for sheriff's department. I was there on what I felt was official business to, address the the sheriff about a redress, about a grievance. Matt, is that a true and accurate recording of the events we've seen on the sheriff's department's, video camera from the jail? Yes, sir. Wait. Can you just come out and talk to him? Did you hear all that officer Dixon give you any commands to stop, put your hands up, or anything like that? No, sir. I didn't. And What did you know? Did you know why he was stepping towards you? I I just felt as if a aggressor was coming towards me when I was simply trying to find the answer as to how this would be disorderly, when I wasn't acting in a disorderly way. So I I thought I thought that I was there to see the sheriff about my daughter. Were you holding things in your hands? I had my cell phones in my hands. In the report of mister have you read mister Dixon's report? I have. In there, he says that you said in quotes, no, no, no three times. That's correct. Did you say that? No, sir. Does that recording confirm that you didn't say those things? Yes, sir. In his report, it says, or in Tim was to pull report, it says, deputy Dixon told Rudy to place his hands behind his back. Did you hear that on your reporting? Not one time. Did you edit that recording? No, sir. There's been some mention of some emails you would send to Joey. Just tell the court what you were trying to get a hold of, I'm sorry. I have to be very, informal. Sheriff East. Tell the judge what you're trying to get Sheriff East. Well, for approximately twelve months, the twelve months leading up to that, the mother of my minor child who was, six at the time, I had not seen her in twelve months. She had actually, prior to that, I was it was a false allegation of rape that was levied against me by the mother of my child who then decided to live out a twelve month lie that Department of Child Services my opposing objection. What's the relevance? We've got chance reports, in every county in this state. And I mentioned Buffet. We've got the luxury of having two chancellors here, and I think they'll give you an audience whenever you want as it relates to child custody, child rearing and the family laws and and. I don't know why we've got to litigate that here. And I don't know quite frankly why he would be contacting the sheriff in that regard. Well, I think if you'll let him answer the question, he'll tell you why he's contacted the sheriff. But, as to relevance, there was, suggestions by the sheriff that he might have been there to ambush or or do some bad. This goes to responding to that to show that his intention was not there to do any bad, but to try to enlist the law as he had been instructed by another department of the state to do, in order to, obtain some visitation rights. I'm going to sustain as far as the I don't wanna go too far down around the hall of explaining any wrongdoing or what he feels what is the reason for the issues. I I do I'm I'm fine with hearing why he why he was there. Absolutely. And, but I don't think I need a a procedural history of what has gone over the past year, to get that answer. Sure. Sure. Why Bearing that in mind that the judge has instructed you to we ain't gotta go into everything, but what were you there to do? I was there because this was occurring in the sheriff's jurisdiction. It was not happening in the jurisdiction of the city. It was happening in the jurisdiction of the county. Therefore, the county sheriff holds, it's it's it's it falls into his care and and jurisdiction and responsibility, if you will. Was to your knowledge, there anyone else on the, out there in the parking lot when this event occurred? No, sir. Alright. We have seen on the video when, officer Dixon, kinda gets a hold of you. You kinda go into, a defensive position. Tell the judge what you're doing and why you were doing that. So my, in my left breast pocket, I had, my digital audio recorder. I simply, I wanted to to retain the recording for the purposes of trial. So I simply had switched off the recording so that it saved the recording, and I wouldn't have to worry about it getting damaged or, about anything worse happening to it. What about you had your cell phones in your hands? Did you, what did you do with those? Whenever I was taken to the ground, it was deputy Dick one of the phones had come out of my hand when I was tossed to the ground. The other phone, deputy Dixon grabbed it from my hand and chunked it at the ground. Did, when the recording ends there that we just listened to, that was because you manually turned it off? Yes, sir. Alright. So you're in your chest working on your record? Yes, sir. I just do my breast pocket. I just flip the switch to turn off the recorder to, that's the way it it saves the recording. Now, you heard deputies or or sheriff ee say that he had received some emails from you, that day. Did you send him emails while you're sitting in the parking lot? Yes, sir. Do you want the court to see those emails? I would like the court to see those those emails. I think they're very relevant. I'm Matt and Shane Worth. Three emails. Okay. Yeah. I'll go ahead and post the objection. You have to raise to that. I've got a list of emails there. Emails occur. I don't know what the substantive, nature of any of those communications has anything to do with the the, again, it's been implied that Matt was up to no good while he was there. We're just intending to show that he was trying to get in touch with the sheriff. He was in a distraught position over some matters, whatever they might be, and just want to talk to the sheriff. I don't know why, ma'am. I'm a sheriff testify that he received some emails that day. So assuming these are those emails, I don't allow those emails. I can't talk to you while you're I guess, yeah. Alright. Are those the emails, that you sent, well, the first email, what's its date? It was Sunday, the December 27. And, Is that the day before this incident? Subject, criminal conspiracy. Is that the day before this incident? Yes, sir. Alright. And then the second email, what's it today? Give it its time too, please. Second email is Monday the twenty eighth at 04:32PM. Okay. Was that sent before or after you got to the, sheriff's department jail parking lot? That was before. Alright. And then the third email, what's his date and time? Third email is Monday, the twenty eighth, at 05:06PM. Alright. Was that before or after you got to the jail sheriff's department, parking lot? That was after. Yes. We'd ask that these be marked as, defense exhibit one or whatever number we're on. Actually, we'd ask that the recording the audio recording, I'll have a thumb drive we get on there, be marked as defense exhibit one. These be marked as cumulative defense exhibit two, please. Any objection? No. Sure. Yes. Mark? Any more? Just try to write it here. Mister Reardon, there were, sheets in the after each email. Can you explain to the court what, these sheets are? Yeah. They're read receipts. Whenever it's acknowledged that the email has been received and opened, it gives a date and time. Mister Beard, do you feel like you you resisted arrest in that situation? In no way. You mentioned on that video that you said you would move your car. Did you? Yes, sir. I was, out You offered to move your car? Yes, sir. I really wanted to find out why it would be considered disorderly. I said that I wasn't being disorderly, and I was really trying to find out how that was being disorderly. Were you ever told to get on the ground, lay down? No, sir. Were you ever told to, Next to the meeting, your honor. We Now I understand. I withdraw. No further questions. Alright. So you weren't moving your car. You were trying to get an answer to the disorder. Is that right? It was it was both. I was I was in the process. You can see in the video. I turned towards my car. Now we saw the video. You didn't go towards your car. I shifted my shoulders towards my car. Well, I'll let I'll let the video stay for that. Okay. Sure. So your communication with the chair at 04:32 on Monday, same day we're watching the video. He didn't open it up until, if I'm reading this correct, at 04:54. Is that right? Mhmm. Do you need to look at that to make your That's correct. That's correct. So Right at 05:00. You were probably in the parking lot at that time, weren't you? I was. K. You didn't see him get out of his vehicle? I actually I was on the phone. When he pulled up, I didn't realize he was behind me. And as you can see in the video, my side view mirror is obstructed on the driver's side, so I couldn't see out that. Looking out the rear view mirror, I would see the, turn of the bricks. I I would not have a clear view of the Understand. Your car had reversed, obviously. Which is what I did. Yeah. It had reversed. It worked. Why didn't you reverse and park in the other and sit there and wait on the sheriff to get there? Because I thought I was there on official business for the sheriff's department as the sign said. We're and the second email that you sent it, 05:06. Are you okay with that time? Yep. Was ready at 05:12. That day. Right? Right? Right. You don't think the sheriff has business I would say that there's an email you're forgetting about the day prior. Oh, that's what I'm saying. You know what you're saying? That the sheriff doesn't have business, and he has to attend to a person and haven't had a chance to respond to anything? So the email on criminal conspiracy sent a day prior that went red and not responded to it. That. I'm just asking you about Dita and without me if you can answer the question about whether or not I can give a guy a little bit of time to respond to Dita instead of instant type response. I think I'd gone long enough at that point on being victimized and not seeing my child. I wanted to address the sheriff about not being able about lies being casted, invoking DHS. So you're angry? I wanted to speak to the sheriff because it was his jurisdiction. You were angry? I wanted to speak to the sheriff because it was in his jurisdiction. Answered, John. I'm asking the question. Would you please answer the question? Yes or no? No. I was I was I was fed up with the same things happening where I was continually being victimized. I think that's a fair way to characterize how anybody would feel in the same situation. So it wasn't, it wasn't going to be a blessing. Right? It was a I want her held accountable for the false affidavits, for the lies, for the ultimately, kidnapping my child from me. Kidnapping? When did that I hadn't seen my child in a year prior to that. Meanwhile, paying $600 a month in child support. Wait a minute. I thought I saw in some of your filings that there was an order from Chancery Court that, that you're in contempt over there. I'm in contempt over there? Yeah. No. For not for not submitting to a drug test? You're absolutely wrong. I'm wrong about that? 100%. Well, what what Because before prior court then, sir. Objection. You from seeing your daughter. Relevance. Your honor, I think he needs a little instruction how this works. Mister Reardon, the prosecutor is asking questions. You obviously have the ability to answer those questions. You're supposed to answer the questions that he's asking. Your attorney will raise the objections that you may have, regarding the questions if they're proper or not. Sorry, your honor. So So is there not an order in place? I appealed it. It's on appeal. Object. There's we're talking about this happened in 2020. Now, is there an order now? I don't know. He's saying in 2020, he hadn't seen his kids. He was supposed to be allowed to see his kids, and he wasn't seeing his kids. Now, If I'm not able to ask him questions about he he he's accusing the sheriff somehow of holding his daughter for for being able to sleep. This matter has been in chance recorded with Bay County, I think, since 2017, if I'm not mistaken. I I would say I don't know if that's an accurate characterization mister, Reardon is is accusing the sheriff from keeping the children from him. I think, what he's saying is that, he was in a trying to enlist the help. It may be helpful to determine what the order was in place at the time. I think your question was, was there if I I if I know it's a correct, was is there wasn't there a order of contempt in place that will keep encountering his child at that time? Is that and that was my understanding what the question was. Was it then or is it today? I mean, that that seems to be the continuing issue. You've got, they asked to take as as, you know, on their face various orders from various courts. This order that I speak of is is in one of these courts that this forum has been asked to accept as as as a document posted in this morning. 2016. Yeah. Is that correct? That's broke. Alright. You need to read read it. I don't know if I asked this, but let me make sure I did. Is that recording that we protect? Objection. Yeah. I didn't talk about that. Improper redirect. I would let me go ahead and make a proper. Is this a true and accurate, recording of the the incident occurred on that Yes. On that afternoon. Your honor, we would renew our motion. If you've indicated on this recording, that is the best evidence of what was and was not said that day. Mister Reardon was not instructed to do anything. He was told to move, move, and then he starts yelling, okay. I'll move my car. Okay. I'll move my car. To the opposite of stand still, put your hands up, you're under arrest. He was being told to move, and he moved. He had somebody coming towards him, and he moved away. That is not resisting arrest at all. He was not given any instruction to put his hand regardless of the recollection of, deputy Dixon and deputy Tidwell there, and he was not told he was under arrest. There is no resisting here in any way, shape, or form. Mister Dixon could have been trying to get his keys to move in himself or to take the cell phone or take the recording. He didn't know. There has to be some intent to resist arrest. This is an intentional crime. Without being told to do anything, simply moving away is not resisting arrest. He is guilty of moving away from an officer. Once they had his hands on him, he's trying to protect his electronic gear, trying to protect the recording that shows he was never given these instructions. That's not resisting arrest. That's protesting protecting his personal property and preserving evidence. As to the underlying disorderly, we are again in the same position we were in earlier. Parking in a parking spot is not illegal. You know, if you're parked in front of the if you're parked too long on the square, your car gets towed. You don't get arrested. If you park too long around the courthouse, your car gets towed. You don't get arrested. Even there, there's ordinances that say, this is how long you can park and these are and when your car has gone too far, you've been there too long, then they can be towed. And there are ordinances about if somebody parks on your property for too long, you can have them towed. I am unaware of and nothing has been presented to the court that parking in a spot that says sheriff's department only, when you are there to see the sheriff's department is illegal, justifies a disorderly conduct charge, and both and cannot and justifies the underlying crime for the resisting arrest, based on you know, and it's obviously, there's some history here. I think, obviously, you heard sheriff face testify about his opinions about Matt. And right or wrong, you know, that doesn't that doesn't have anything to do with these charges. It doesn't it doesn't, and it shouldn't. What we've got here is a car parked, a situation where he wasn't told what to do, and he simply backed up and took some steps and then covered himself to protect his stuff. And these charges, under that circumstances, should not stand. I think I need to reiterate our, stance that, I'm sorry, judge. I'm thinking about it. One of the other charges. That's it. I won't ramble anymore. Thanks, judge. He goes a long way from his car at various wavelengths. Short, rebuttal, your honor. Deputy Dixon himself said, If I don't tell him what I'm gonna do, if I don't tell him some instructions, if I don't tell him I'm coming to him, he doesn't know what I'm gonna do. He absolutely doesn't. A person that I'm coming towards does not know. And that was exactly the situation. This was not a fast moving developing situation. There are no weapons involved. There's no safety of people to worry about. We're not on the side of the road where there's traffic involved. This was a situation where there was absolutely every bit of time to say, okay, Matt. You're under arrest. Put your hands up. Put your hands on the car. There was nothing to prevent that. There may be situations where you need to grab somebody and cuff them and then explain why later. This wasn't one of them. And in this situation, the mere act of Matt kinda moving back, okay. Okay. I'll move my car. Boom. That's not resisting arrest. It's not. Thank you. As far as the motion, I'm going to have a motion at this time. I understand that as far as the closing arguments, that probably fits the bill as well unless you wanna add anything else to our spouse, arguments on those charges. If not, if there's no anything else to add, I think we need to move on to the next, set of charges.