Source: Asking about Court Record being changed for 2nd time in a year 12-6-2021.mp4
Drive file id: 1rfHPkGNZYHTGElXrcSCDa7ciDcKquNej
Batch: Tier2_NamedVideo_Dec6-21

Hello, miss China. Hey, Jim. How are you? How are you, sir? Hello, miss China. How are you? Oh, just doing a little reporting. Doing a little reporting? Doing a little reporting. Yep. I want wanted to see if you guys can maybe answer a few questions for me. We can't. We we can't do anything like that. What? Which is we're not we're not I I can No. No. No. It's actually in regards to, I can I can put this down? Okay. So can you look at my case, the new one? It's nothing with y'all. Just to preface that. It's I I don't believe it's anything with y'all. It's a problem that definitely needs to get nipped in the bud, but I don't think it's a problem with y'all. He said the the lab the latest one? Yeah. The L214964. Yeah. Yeah. I gotcha. Alright. Hang on one second. You got a Jerry summons? Okay. I'll just see. Yeah. I just bring it back to me. Just don't people think I don't that I mind doing it. I really don't. It's just that it's been time. Not awful. Because it's just the time of me having Okay. And I'll call you either way. Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Okay. Sorry. Alright. So let's look up. We got Tell me if anything stands out funny about that. Well, Matt, I'm not an attorney, so none of this stands out. No. It it should be pretty easy. Well, right now, it's all I have is your cover sheet and your motion. Okay. I'm talking about, like, as far as judge. Luther. That's just an algorithm? No. You told me on Friday that it was assigned to Kent Smith. And I said I wanted to make sure that it wasn't gonna get switched to Luther again because it was switched in the system to Luther last year on my post conviction relief. He was made aware of crimes, serious crimes committed by Lafayette County officials upfront. Before I even filed the post conviction relief, he said that in order to challenge a conviction that I had to file it via post conviction relief. I naturally thought that either, a, he was gonna be impartial and give me a trial, or, like an evidentiary hearing, or, b, he was going to recuse because he was made aware upfront of all the crimes committed and conflict of interest he was gonna get out of it. That didn't happen. It was it was originally assigned to Kent Smith, and then somehow, John Kelly Luther came in and took it over from him. Yeah. I'm not I'm not. No. I'm saying, like, why was it changed? No. And that's and that's what I said. Anything that you want us to file, but but that's all we do. Right. No, Jeff. And like I said, it's not respect our office like we were trying to respect you. No. And that's why I said, I don't think it's anything with y'all. But you acting that way is kinda making me I don't even know what it's about, but I I I know that you're not Well, like I said, I didn't think I didn't think it was anything I didn't think it was anything with y'all. I was saying it's something with Luther. Okay. And it's bull. We can't do anything about that. We don't that's not that's that's out of our scope of the rent. Only thing we can do is file what you bring in here. We don't have any influence with any judges whatsoever. Right. We're not attorneys. No. I get it. I get it. I'm just saying, like, Luther coming in and sweeping this from another judge twice now. Us to respond to that, and we're not gonna respond to you that because that is not anything to do with us. We we don't have anything to do with that. That goes on in the courtroom between you and the judge. No. I know I'm just saying it was it was filed here. No. No. Don't answer. I know. I've got nothing we can do, and I'm not trying to be rude to you. Right. I'm just saying I'm just sick of the bull I'm sick of the bullshit steadily happening. I mean, it's just it's been nonstop bullshit for the last year and a half. I mean, it's my life on the line here. Well, I tried to be as cordial as possible. Like I said, I wasn't trying to pass the blame to y'all. I We're trying to I'm well, no. More or less, I was wanting to know, have y'all seen that happen with anybody else? I don't I'm not gonna answer you. No. I don't. I have seen Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Well, I mean, it goes to Gibbs Cannon two and three of the code of judicial conduct. So it's it's like it's highly unethical and it's it's just it's ridiculous. Is is John Kelly Luther here today? His office isn't here. No? Well, I know it's in I know it's in Ripley, but, he comes here. He rotates in here. We don't have any judges in the day. No judges? I'd sure love to catch John Kelly Luther for a couple of questions. Okay. Alright.