Source: 0c20211203093823n(678) 413-8400_0.wav
Drive file id: 1RMMyo0B-PEt9rFP2e9-4bZQ6-c85QLR8
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

You for calling the Georgia Department of Driver Services contact center. Did you know that you can now schedule automobile and motorcycle road test appointments online, view license and ID requirements, and complete other services at www.dds.georgia.gov? That's www.dds.georgia.gov. For quality assurance purposes, your call may be monitored or recorded. Our options have recently changed. Please select from the following options and have your driver's license or permit number available. To determine if a Georgia driver's license is valid, expired, or suspended using your automated status line, press 1. If you're having technical difficulties with your DDS all on account, such as password reset and creating an all on account, press 2. For information on how to reinstate a suspended, canceled, or revoked Georgia driver's license, press 3. For information regarding obtaining, renewing, or replacing a Georgia driver's license and or ID, including CDL information, press 4. To schedule an appointment or to change an automobile, motorcycle, or CDL road test reservation, or to register for a Georgia motorcycle safety course, press 5. For inquiries related to tag and title, please contact your local tag and title office. To repeat these options, press 9. Sorry. The option you selected is not valid. Please try again. To determine if a Georgia driver's license is valid, expired, or suspended using our automated status line, press 1. If you're having technical difficulties with your DDS online account, such as password reset and creating an online account, press 2. For information on how to reinstate a suspended, canceled, or revoked Georgia driver's license, press 3. For information regarding obtaining, renewing, or replacing a Georgia driver's license and or ID, including CDL information, press 4. To schedule an appointment or to change an automobile, motorcycle, or CDO road test reservation or to register for a Georgia motorcycle safety course, press 5. For inquiries related to tag and title, sorry, the option you selected is not valid. Please try again. To determine if a Toyota driver's size Your expected wait time is between five minutes and twelve minutes. All of our agents are currently assisting other customers. Please continue to hold, and someone will be with you shortly. You're invited to visit our website at www.dds.georgia.gov or download our DDS to go mobile app to review secure ID driver's license requirements and frequently asked questions. That's www.dds.georgia.gov. Did you know that you can print a full list of documents required to renew a Georgia driver's license at www.dds.georgia.gov? You can select the what do I need to bring link from our home page and create a custom checklist. The full list of documents may be printed, or you can create a custom checklist to print. That's www.dds.georgia.gov. Your call is very important to us and will be answered in the order in which it was received. Please do not hang up and dial again. Our team members will answer your call as quickly as possible. Did you know our customer service centers are closed on Mondays, which makes Tuesdays our busiest day of the week? Many of our centers are open half a day on Saturdays to offer you more options. Please visit our website at www.dds.georgia.gov or download our DDS to go mobile app and click on locations to find a center near you and their hours of operation. That's www.dds.georgia.gov. Did you know that there is no age limit to organ, tissue, and eye donation? Almost everyone can save lives. Check yes to become an organ donor on question number eight when you apply to obtain or renew your driver's license or ID. Visit donatelifegeorgia.org for more information about organ tissue and eye donation. Did you know that you can make an automobile or motorcycle road test appointment online at www.dds.georgia.gov? That's www.dds.georgia.gov. Did you know that you can conduct many of our services online at www.dds.georgia.gov or on our DDS to Go mobile app? On our website, select license ID on the menu bar and then online services from our drop down to explore our full list of service offerings. That's www.dds.georgia.gov. On our mobile app, select the services tab at the bottom once you have logged in. A regular class c driver's license, it's required to operate an auto cycle style vehicle in the state of Georgia. However, use of auto cycles are not permitted for road test. All of our agents are busy due to high call volume. You're invited to visit our website at www.dds.georgia.gov or download our Thank you for calling Department of Driver Services. This is Michelle speaking. I do apologize for the wait. How may I assist you? Yes, ma'am. I was calling to, there is a it's it's the the craziest thing. I've just I've I've gotten two new licenses, in in Mississippi, and I was just going I'd I'd misplaced my license. I was going to go get a new license, and, I was advised that there was a, a hold placed on on my license. And and it's just Okay. Do you do you have a Georgia driver's license, sir, or you got received it from the I guess it's a skeleton number that y'all created. Okay. And what's the number, sir? 059344 I think those are Fours. 182. And what's the name? Matt Reardon. Okay. And what's your address in Mississippi? It is 117 County Road 401, Oxford, Mississippi, 38655. Was there a previous I no. I I I moved my wife and I moved from Bruce, not too long ago, but that was a Bruce, Mississippi address. Okay. Okay. Was there another city that you lived in in Mississippi? No. And the birth and and and the birthday was also wrong. He read that that to me and and and the birthday in there is wrong. Okay. And what birth date? My birthday is 03/24/1987. Okay. And so the birthday that they gave you is something different. Yeah. He said he said it shows 04/24. It does. Yeah. It it's showing, suspended. The birthday the birthday does not match. Let me see if I can get the information for what court it would have been with because, do you do you do you recall saying that, receiving a ticket or anything here No. In Georgia at one time? No. And like I said, I've gotten two new licenses, and they never did say anything, about any hold on those those last two. So, you know, I don't know why all of a sudden Yeah. This is something that happened, back in 2012, December Christmas day, actually, 03/12. So what you would need to do, sir, is there's a process that's called not the same person. So you actually would need to fax over a statement saying that you are not the person that's showing suspended in Georgia, and the birthday also doesn't match. So that's concerning as well. Okay. So do you have something to write with? Because I can give you the information that you need to do to hopefully get this taken care of for you. I do. And what we'll we'll do is we'll send you a letter, and it actually will, state it's like a a letter correspondence that will state that oh, confirming that you're not the person that's showing suspended here in Georgia. Okay. How long does it take for the process to update so I can get my license? Well, it's still gonna show that in the system, but what it what will happen is the letter that we're gonna send you, you'll be able to take that in to the Department of Motor Vehicles there so that they can see that we've acknowledged that that's not you. Okay. Mhmm. Because that's what's gonna be needed because whoever this person is with that birthday, you all don't even have the same birthday. So that's that's just really bizarre how that happens. Right. So let me know when you're ready. Okay. I am I'm ready. Okay. So the fax number is area code 678678. 413413. 8460. 84 what? 60. Uh-huh. So you got it. (678) 413-8460? Correct. Okay. So what you're gonna do is you're gonna write a statement. The number that you gave me, because you don't have a license here. So that is a reference number. So you're gonna put that number. You're gonna also, write your name, your mailing address, a phone number, as well as an email address. Okay. And what you're gonna state is, I am not the same person that's suspended in Georgia. Okay. You're gonna sign and make sure you date it. Okay. Because this is going over to our records management department. Okay. Yeah. Because we need to get this stated on the record. Gotcha. Gotcha. And if you want the information for the court, sir, I mean, I can give you that too, but, yeah, that's it it has the wrong birthday. Yeah. That's that certainly makes a big difference. Yeah. It does, sir. So it was a a ticket that was received in Marietta, Georgia Okay. Cobb County. And let me give you that information. Yeah. And I don't know why like, if it was 2012 Mhmm. Like, why Yeah. Like, this should've came up before. Why yeah. Why here it is nine years later, and, I've gotten two new licenses since then. I mean, I Okay. It's really crazy. That's just bizarre. Mhmm. It is. It is. I'm gonna give you this information just so you'll have it as well. And if you want to give them a call, let them know because that's that's not even your birthday. Right. And what happens is the information that we're seeing in the system, that's what the court would have sent over to Department of Driver Services. Okay. So that's the information that we received from the court. Have on file as well. Correct. Okay. Alright. So, yeah, I'll, so I just need to to put that information that you gave me on a on a regular piece of paper and fax it over? Uh-huh. Yes, sir. Okay. And then y'all will And When will I get that thing? So you can, you can feel free to give us a callback, and we can just pull it up in the system with that same reference number that you gave us. Mhmm. But you can just give us a call to check back up on it once you've actually faxed that statement over, today being Friday. At the latest, give us a callback, follow back up in on, Wednesday. Okay. Week. So I so I wouldn't be able to get anything today? No, sir. Unfortunately, not. I'm not even gonna tell you that. Mm-mm. Okay. Yeah. My biggest problem is I was, I I misplaced my license, which is why I needed to go get a new, you know, duplicate. And, I've got a check I need to cash, and I can't cash the check without having a valid ID. Because I was wondering what actually prompted this. Yeah. I, I I misplaced I misplaced my license, and, I needed to update the address on it anyways. Mhmm. And sure enough, you know, I I've got a I've got a check, you know, and, I need to get it cashed, and and I can't do that without having a, license. Mhmm. Mhmm. Yeah. So it's just it like I said, it's that's just really bizarre how that just just popped up after all this time. It is. Mhmm. So I do apologize, sir, because I know that's gonna be more of an inconvenience for you as well. Now did you want the phone number to that court as well, sir? Uh-huh. That's showing the wrong information, or you're just gonna just do the statement for right now? I don't really see any any point in the call report, if so long as it keeps going to the back of the department. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay? Well, I appreciate it. Alright, sir. Have a good weekend, and I do apologize for the inconvenience. But just make sure it's as soon as you get that over to us so that we can get that going. Okay. Alright. Thank you. Sir? You're welcome. Thank you for calling DDS. Have a good afternoon. You too. Bye bye.