Source: 0c20211206053243n(662) 234-2900_0.wav
Drive file id: 1Rda0RCTJBBDeYNuj4VYRYsiqrCqu2CBe
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

Ma'am, all. Ma'am, all. Hi. Hey. Hi. Do you, I I figured since since Maddie is still not here and she there's probably no food there. No. It's not. What I was that's what I was waiting on her to get in. Yeah. She decided that she was gonna go to Target up there. I Oh, well, what? Whatever. I I figured I figured when she got out of the doctor's office with Demi, I figured that she would go grocery shopping because I give give her the check and my grocery lid. Well, I was supposed to go I was supposed to go with her, and and we were supposed to go last night, and then it turned into this morning, which I said it probably wouldn't happen this morning. She probably wouldn't wanna go. And then she turned it into this afternoon before we before going to Southaven, and then she dipped on me and decided to to to go to the store. Oh. Well, I mean, if if she is still in the doctor's office, I don't I doubt it, but I I have no idea what I don't know where she could be, what store she could be in. She she well okay. So on the way there, she was she was looking at at being about ten minutes past the time that that the appointment she had to get there. Plus, you know, Emmy's teacher said that with her having ringworm, she needs to stay out of school until the ringworms are gone because it's very contagious. So so she told the doc so so she told the doctor's office that, and they ended up rescheduling the appointment. So she went straight to she went straight to Target and has has been at Target ever since. Good god, almighty. Well, Matt, I don't know what you're telling me to do. I I Well, I'll go ahead and I'll pick something up for y'all. What what what are you what are you doing? For the kids, chicken nuggets. For them, them, you know how you know how they are with chicken nuggets. But for me, you know, chicken will be fine for me. It doesn't matter. I'm not. Okay. Is there anything you don't like on a, on a on a burger or sandwich? And as long as you don't put ketchup on it. No ketchup. No. I don't other than that, it's okay. Alright. What I may do is I I may go buy Chick fil A. Well, I whatever you whatever you wanna do, you do. Although, you know, the although although nuggets at Burger King are much cheaper. Well, it well, whatever. Actually, for those for those two, they ain't gonna eat that much anyways. I'll go to Chick fil A. What? Whatever. Whatever turns you on. You go ahead. When did you did you make your appointment on time? Oh, I I barely. Will. Barely. And you know what? Those people are the biggest just it's the biggest just headache ever. And I I actually whenever whenever I walked out, I said, thank you, Justice Court, for being the biggest headache I could ever imagine. And and you just walk out the door. Well, that's the best thing to do is just, you know, bring me back and walk off. I didn't Yeah. And then I was sitting in my car I was sitting in my car trying to get everything arranged, and then what do you know? Sheriff's deputy pulls in, and and it's like he's sitting off to the side just waiting for me to for me to creep out. And then and as soon as I do, he goes right behind me. What's wrong by now? Yeah. It it doesn't it looks it looks like to me, they're just waiting to see if, if you do something wrong. Well, they're harassing me is what they're doing. I harass them, but I'd slap a damn lawsuit on their ass. They couldn't get out of. That's what I'm gonna end up doing because until I do, they're gonna keep doing it. And and I've realized now that I've got to actually take what I've got, and I gotta hit them hard with it and and put a stop to it. That's right. You have. You sure have, but I would. If they harass me like that, I'd slap a damn lawsuit on what I am. Oh, I've got plenty of reason to do it. I got about 15 different lawsuits for the reason. No. I haven't worked. So, well, I'm going to Chick fil A. I'll be there in about, I'd say about thirty minutes. Oh, alright. Well, you'll be here when you get here. Let's put it that way. There you go. Okay. Alright. Alrighty. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. Maddie don't know anything about her having to be out of school for a while. Well, I mean, Maddie, she's Unless her unless her unless her teacher text her. Yeah. That's her teacher texted her is is what what it was about. Oh, I'll be damned. Well, I didn't know the ringworms were contagious because I can remember. I do believe that Christian had some when he was just, little. Yep. But I didn't know they were contagious. I didn't. That's a new one on me. Yeah. That I didn't really realize I knew pin worms were contagious, but I didn't know ring worms were contagious. Oh, I didn't either. Well, I guess, like, you don't never get too old to learn, please. Right. Alright. You don't wanna do what you gotta do, and I'll see you when you get here. Sounds good. Okay. Alright. Alrighty. Alright. Bye bye. Bye bye.