Source: Calling Judge Luther's Court Administrator About Major Fraud on Circuit Court 20211206110546n(662) 837-7884_0.wav
Drive file id: 1Tc5MBVbr4xxBfuzfc1P_uceZMEjg0RtJ
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

Okay. Kathy. Yes. Hey. It's Matt Reardon. Yes. Yes, ma'am. I was calling morning. Good morning to you. How are you? I'm fine. Thank you. I was calling to try to, that well, I was calling about two things in particular. One of them was, that the motion that I filed, I sent it to you via email like you asked. Yes. And, and that's in the criminal calls from 2017, the LK17Dash295. You you had said that you wanted me to send that to you. You were gonna, talk to judge Luther, and I never did hear anything back. Yes, sir. Well, it's because, Matt, he's been, very busy in court and has not had time to review your email and and your attachment just yet. Okay. So that's why you haven't heard anything. It's a real hectic time of year right now. Everyone's trying to get business closed out before the end of the year, but it's on his desk for review. Okay. And and the second thing was, you know, if if judge Luther is is socially busy, I don't understand how my case my newest case, my appeal, basically, was so I opened up a new one on Friday the third, in addition to that over on the criminal side. Friday the third, I filed a, a a rule 59 motion, and, it was assigned to judge Kent Smith. Actually, China, the circuit court, I guess, clerk, she said that it was assigned to judge Kent Smith. It's done via algorithm. I said, well, I just wanna make sure the same thing doesn't happen as last year where it's assigned to judge Smith, and then all of a sudden, it, you know, just mysteriously gets reassigned to judge Luther. Because, I mean, it's like literally everything everything that I'm involved with, you know, is is going right back to judge Luther, and I feel like there's a tremendous conflict of interest here. Because, of course, he was the one that presided over my my plea back in 2017, and, you know, he he picked the judge the justice court judge from Union County for for the mob dominated trial that I had in Lafayette County on the fourth. And I I don't understand how it was assigned to judge Kent Smith's, to judge Kent Smith, and then it all all of a sudden, as of, like, yesterday or the day before, it got moved into judge John Kelly Luther. Well, Matt, I don't have an answer for you there, and I'm sorry that I don't. All I know is that the cases are are randomly assigned by the clerk, and there's some process, you know, that they go through. That's a clerk thing. I don't know what that process is because that's internal to their office, but I think it's just a a computer generated, random assignment on civil matters. Well, but and that's and that's why that's why I was calling because I'm trying to figure out where where the responsibility lies here, you know, because the circuit clerk's office is telling me that it's done just like you said via algorithm. And, you know, I even I even recorded China saying on Friday that this is assigned to judge Kent Smith, just like last year with the post conviction relief, how it was assigned to Kent Smith. But she said, you know, this is assigned to Kent Smith, and, you know, it's done via algorithm. And she assured me it was gonna be, you know, in in judge Kent Smith's ruling. And all of a sudden, it gets switched up. I don't know if it happened after I left there on Friday or if it happened over the weekend, but when I checked yesterday, it was now changed to judge Luther. So, so if if judge Luther had nothing to do with it, then it is the clerk's office, which is even weirder because I went into the clerk's office just a little bit ago, and the circuit clerk, Jeff Busby, told China not to answer any questions. It was very, very sketchy. I I even said I I've I'm not trying to point the finger at y'all. I'm trying to just get some answers here. And he said, don't answer any questions. And I said, what? That that sure real fishy sounding. Well, he got on his cell phone. Apparently, he called the Lafayette County sheriff. And I I walk out of the the courthouse, I go to my car, and sheriff pulls up behind me blocking me in and then pulls into the spot next to me, gets out telling me not to go back into the courthouse unless I have to to file something. And I was I mean, I think the Mississippi constitution and the federal constitution is very clear on on petitioning the government, you know, and and and, honestly, I'm a member of the press. I'd it's I'm certainly entitled to find out this information being that I'm I'm involved in it. And, you know, I was this is the the most bizarre thing. It's very criminal going on with with Lafayette County officials, and I'm trying to figure out, you know, where the buck stops on it. Because it certainly affected my life in the most just just bizarre and and and harmful of ways over the past four years. Yes, sir. Well and I'm sorry, Matt. I said I can't be of more help to you. I'm, you know, I'm not a a Juris doctor. I don't have a a a lot of, legal knowledge at the level that that you're inquiring about. Well, I can I can assure you it's a conflict of interest? It's a tremendous conflict of interest, and I just wanted to know if John if if judge Luther was aware of it. Is there is there something that perhaps that you could file? I I don't know these legal procedures. I'm filing a federal lawsuit. In fact, I've got several to file, but but I'm I'm this is gonna have to be a separate, you know, district court lawsuit to and and I don't know. Quite possibly, the US attorney's office and the FBI may have to get involved with this because of how involved and and and, you know, the level that it's gone to. Because it's Well, I'm Matt, I'm sorry. My phones are blowing up, honey. I got two phones going out of both ears, but I'm sorry, truly sorry, that I'm not in a position to assist you. But I would think that, good sound legal advice would assist you, so I would encourage that, of course. I know that, that cases are randomly assigned. I know that, you know, the judges can't do anything to assist you, short of the the proper, motions and paperwork being filed. So I'm gonna sign off, Matt, and not to be rude in any way. I'm just a dead end for you. I there's nothing I can do to it. Right. I just wanted you to make judge Luther aware if he wasn't, because you are his court administrator and certainly involving him, how it's getting changed to him. So if he's not aware, he needs to be made aware of that. And, I just didn't know if if you had any any answer for me on that, if you knew anything. Yes, sir. But but it all is on his desk for review at this time. So that that is, the the status, information I can give you at this time. And, and and I'm I'm happy to help. Call back if you should need to, but I just I just can't answer your questions. And for that, I'm very sorry. Oh, just imagine if you were in my shoes, how you would feel. Like, not having an attorney, not not definitely being whittled down to nothing. I gotta go, Matt. I gotta go. Alright. Thank you. Thank you.