Source: 0c20211207042323n(662) 252-6311_0.wav
Drive file id: 15TMBgUR9LJJ8NHZLKw8x6EzgDWK3MeSK
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

Emmy. Alright. It's gonna it's gonna say don't Law Firm. May I help you? Yes, ma'am. Can I speak with miss, with, judge Kent Smith's court administrator? She has gone for the day. I I can text a message, or you can try her back in the morning. Well, I've I've left messages for her in the past, and I I left one I left one yesterday. It's a very serious matter that's going on in Lafayette County Circuit Court. Very serious. In fact, it's I might have talked to you yesterday. It's involving the it's involving the fraudulent changing of records. The the, you know, I I believe it to be a fraudulent reassignment of judges. I've been now for two separate cases in circuit court. Judge Kent Smith has been my assigned judge, and that has been snaked by judge John Kelly Luther. And there's a tremendous conflict of interest. I'm looking for, some type of response from from judge Kent Smith's office. I I I want an explanation, and I feel like I'm entitled to an explanation at this point, particularly since I'm involved. And, and it's it's very unethical, very, and I it's it's nothing with it's nothing with judge Kent Smith. I don't I don't know judge Kent Smith. I haven't ever had him as a judge. But I do have serious issues with judge John Kelly, Luther. And I I'm just I'm trying to get some type of explanation, and nobody wants to give me one. And and I don't. I've gotta get this other line, but I'll I'll put him on hold. I'll be right back with you. Okay. Okay. Someone else picked it up. Alright. Okay. Now Why are you not calling judge Luther as administrator of your problems with him? Because I've called both. I mean, I've called I've called Kathy. Both. I called Kathy yesterday. Kathy has no idea. She says that that they don't, you know, they they can't change anything, that that they have no no hands in it. The circuit clerk, Jeff Busby, is telling me that that, you know, he's he's not wanting to say anything. He he shut down the other clerk in the office from answering any questions yesterday. So it's like, you know, there's a lot of passing the buck back and forth from one to the other, and, and nobody's given a clear answer. And so I was hoping that maybe, that What's the issue? I mean, what is the issue? Well, back in 2017, I was I was charged with a crime that never, that that was never committed. It was all, it was it was part of an election scandal involving the Oxford mayor. I was deprived of all due process right to the accused. My bond was set three times higher than what the maximum, was allowed to be. I was jailed for six weeks' time, from a week before the mayor was elected until a week after she was sworn into office and then vanished from Lafayette County for five years. Your name, sir? My name is Matt Reardon. Spell your last name because I I'm gonna look your file up online. Yeah. It's r e a r d o n. I've I've several files. I've I've actually know as long as you didn't go under oath and plead anything, you know, the she should be good. But, unfortunately, you know, as you know, if you half went under oath, you know, and plead guilty or something, then you, you know, probably have a perjury charge coming back. I I welcome the state of Mississippi to charge me with perjury. They're they're more than welcome to. In fact, I've actually asked the I've actually asked the FBI to charge me with lying to the FBI so that we could have a trial on this because the evidence deserves its day in in court. And John Kelly Luther, see see, I was deprived. My my plea never even was valid because in order whenever the state deprived me of all due process rights, they were already in violation of my constitutional rights and do brainwashing, I plead out. So so it made that invalid. Judge John Kelly Luther knows this, but he's he's denied me post conviction relief any evidentiary hearing. I've brought new evidence to the table. And, my original post conviction relief last year was assigned to to judge Kent Smith, but judge John Kelly Luther took it over somehow. And Lafayette County officials are there there have been some tremendous crimes committed by Lafayette County officials here. It's it's a tremendous violation of the Rico Act. And, yeah This doesn't even have anything to do with an election deal. This is aggravated stalking. Right. But what I'm saying what I'm what I'm trying to say I mean, are you at the mental, problem? Am I what? I mean, are you under the care of a psychiatrist? No. I'm not. What kind of fucking question is that? It's the question I'm asking is what kind of question it is. You're calling up here about election stuff, and you've plead guilty to aggravated stalking. And I'm trying to tell you, if you look at the facts on everything, I was slotted to speak out at city hall on the day of the mayor's election. I know the difference between somebody saying their own election issues and aggravated stalking. I'm telling you, it hadn't been proven. It you're a psycho. Shut the fuck up. Are you serious? Here. You stupid bitch. All back here.