Source: 1-intro to trial 11-4-21 2025-03-06 19_05.wav
Drive file id: 1JAKiqrfhdn8zUtbonqn-JbPiz0QMGjgR
Batch: Tier1_TrialAudio_11-4-21

Alright. Yes, sir. There are a couple of things that I filed. I think I emailed you on. I don't know if there are things to be dealt with now, but I just wanna, kinda a little housekeeping. Prosecutor, do you Well, with anything now on the motion that's a file? That's right. What we want to Gunner, we had filed a a motion to for self authentication or to take judicial notice of some trial court pleadings or some pleadings in some other courts. Mister Reardon can authenticate those documents and we can call him and will to do that, But then we need to recall witnesses to ask them about those documents. So that was the only purpose for that. I've got another copy for the on the approach. And it's, won't be into the substance, but just to identify them is, order from the Municipal Court of Olive branch, order dismissing an appeal of that matter from the county court of DeSoto County. And then, an order from chancery court that we proposed was the controlling custody agreement at the time of the June 2021 trespassing family disturbance and telephone harassment charges. And then, a Wikipedia page, indicating that those happened, on the Father's Day weekend of that year. So we had presented those, as authentic, and we asked to be able to go ahead and mark them as authentic and then introduced if deemed relevant by the court. Thank you, your honor. The I think the there's one thing I do want to it doesn't require a court decision, but mister Reardon has asked me to make what is called an England's Union reservation, which I had to look up, your honor. And it's basically it's a reservation of a right to try issues that might involve federal questions or constitutional issues in a federal forum when that time arises. And I really have never heard of it, never raised it, but I looked at the law and it says that in order to invoke that right, if that right exists, if it applies here, you just have to make an announcement in the state court before the proceeding that, might affect that right leg. So mister Reardon has asked me to make that reservation and, I hereby am invoking his England's Ginnings reservation. Okay. The let's see. I really think that leaves us possibly with just the recording and media coverage issue. I see that we do have a court reporter here. It was not at my request. But we do have a court reporter here. And as mister, Reardon is indigent, I don't know what the procedure would be for him to get a transcript for his appeal rights, but he has asked for the right to record the, proceedings in order to preserve the record. So if aggrieved, he can appeal. He's entitled to that right, and, he would ask to be able to record it. I'm without any technical capabilities to record it on his behalf except for my cell phone, my personal cell phone, which I would like to keep out of these proceedings if at all possible. Not only that, I think that the quality might not be, what is needed for a proper preservation of the record. And it it regardless, if I record it, once, a judgment is entered, my representation is gonna terminate except for handing them over a copy of that recording. So having me record it does no more to preserve, any questions the court might have about what mister Reardon might do with the recording, than allowing him to record it himself. On top of that, mister Reardon has, made his notice to the court, that he is a member of the press and that he, has invoked his right under the proper rules to provide media coverage of this proceeding and, ask for the court's permission to do so. As far as the PR recordings, that would not be allowed. You'd certainly allow to do a photos, but as far as audio, is her name. Thank you, your honor. And then the next thing, and I don't know if, this, is exactly where we need to bring it up. But by agreement in Chancery Court, the charges the 2020 allegation of text harassment, and if there are any other charges that kinda come with those 2020. And that's the first chronological of the four sets of charges we have here. It was an agreement to dismiss those charges or drop those charges. It's my understanding that miss Crowder, contacted the prosecutor's office and the court about dropping those charges and when informed that there was a financial charge for dropping those charges, which I believe is imposed to discourage people from regularly asserting and dropping charges, asserting and dropping charges. She asked mister Reardon to bear that financial burden. Mister Reardon reply, but you were the one who asserted them. You're the one dropping them. We think, by rule, you're the one who was supposed to bear the burden of them. There was no mention in the chancery court order about who should bear the charge of those. So we think just like anything else, if financial responsibility wasn't shifted, then the person whose job it is to carry out a provision of a custody or family court agreement, should bear the financial burden. We would ask the court if it might be possible to waive that in this, situation, due to it's not a a situation, that doesn't have, circumstances around it. But if the court's unwilling, we need your honor's guidance on, if those charges can be dropped, if they can be dropped without the usual fee or who should pay that fee. This is with the, appliance. I never got a phone call. That's really what I look for in those SDCs. It's not not uncommon that that we don't collect that $50 if there's a financial hardship, but I haven't seen signed. Do you wish to speak with Yeah. She probably probably probably be a few minutes before we get underway with everybody just to see what the positions are. I think she's represented. In that instance, I don't know, her lawyers here. There is, an issue with the fee. I believe any county has the same type of fee to to, drop a charge. Would that be, circumstances or case by case basis as in a way, in this matter. I don't if if she is wanting to do that, then I'm not gonna let it be standing her way to do that. But if you would just confer with her, see if that's something that she still wants to do. How how long do you think you would need to discuss? I would say it can be five Okay. And then let me see what what what's what what the prior to us writing them for short recess, will I do that? Is there any other item that we probably end up before we start? I'm just curious, your honor, about the procedure. If you were wanting to take the charges kinda separately, we will call witnesses, both state and defense, for each charge and wrap it up. Or is it we're gonna present all the charges and then we'll do all the defenses and then, kind of bunch them up. I don't have preference. I don't see how we can bunch these up. They were all independent. One or the other, you know, we've got a DUI and and we associate charge that we'll be taking at one time, all in witnesses and after the card. So it it would be my opinion that, if it was separate occurrences, that they would need to be dealt with as separate cases, and it was treated separately in that respect. Now if there's more than one charge for an end for a time period, that or the same time period, obviously, we'll take those charges up with that set up for that date, of charges. But otherwise, we'll just hear them separately. That makes entire I'm down with that. Okay. Good. We might have some things specific to each charge. And, one thing that I know I need to put in the record is that this family disturbance statute has not been constitutionally challenged. Many of the statutes that criminalize profanity have and that the Supreme Court has said you can't criminalize profanity. Now, we don't need to raise the unconstitutionally unconstitutionality of the statute to later claim it was unconstitutionally applied to mister Reardon, But to, address the unconstitutionality on the face, on its face, it's too broad. And so mister Reardon does make that. It is well founded in law to it's not a, a bad argument. It's just, apparently, this particular statute, nobody's challenged it up. But the Supreme Court is clear that there are only a few types of words that can be criminalized. Fighting words, obscene words that, are defined as lewd and lascivious, really sexually explicit words, and then abusive words. We think the evidence will show this is a case about profanity. And profanity cannot be criminalized. And so we'll argue that on the merits. But as to the statute itself, it's unconstitutionally broad, and we do not expect the court's ruling on that at this time, but we need to raise it. Alright. Thank you.