Source: 0c20211206012847n(662) 892-8591_0.wav
Drive file id: 1RTyJyF2NFNdBoF2et2DT6HJgZRBc0TiI
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

Thank you for calling Alexander Winton and Associates, the freight claim collection specialist. If you are a new or existing client, press 1. If you need to speak with Will, press 2. Alexander Wendell. This is Will. Will. Yes, sir. It's Matt. What's going on, man? I don't know if you got, I know that the iPhone is not delivered. I don't know if you got if you got, what I sent you from Samsung because it doesn't show delivered or not. It's not an iPhone. I need you to I need you to listen to something for me. Man, I'm working, man. No. No. I get it. I get it. And and I'm not saying listen to it right now, but I need you to listen to something for me because it's seriously, I it's it's like a life of death thing. It's, Who's who's threatening your life? Well, it's not dude, this racket just got just got out of this. I've never seen a scandal so fucking large, and it's it's gotten quite frankly, it's gotten dangerous. Well, Matt, you need to call you need to call a news media. Okay? The news won't talk to me. You need to. They're part of it. No. Like like, I'm I'm going to an outside source. I'm going to I'm I'm I'm trying to get the FBI to probe Veritas then. Trying to get the FBI to probe it. But, dude, it's it's there's there's, like, the biggest amount of fraud being committed in in circuit court that is now enveloped, like, all county officials. The, circuit court clerk is fraudulently changing records, called the sheriff on his cell phone, and the sheriff came up, you know, because he's he's fully implicated, and they're trying to prevent they're trying they're trying to stay from from going to prison is what it's is what it's coming down to. But they are fraudulently changing records in circuit court. He actually came up and blocked me in and told me not to go back in court. I don't know what you want from me. No. I was I'm sorry that all of this is something I have in Team eight. But No. I was I was simply saying from the standpoint of you and I both in like like, you you look into things the same type of way that I do. Like, as far as, like, we've always we've always thought similar. I wanted to see if your impression was the same as mine on this. That's that's all I was asking is for another opinion. Well, like I said, I don't I'm at work right now. If you wanna send me something, that's fine, man. I'll try to get get through it. But Alright. Like I said, I don't I don't know what you expect my opinion to be able to do for you. I mean, I understand that, you know, it's a shit show that you're in, and I wish there was something I could do to change them in. I I really don't see what it is. How's your kids? They're alright. They need me. That's what you should be focusing on. That's why I'm that's why I'm doing that's why I'm I'm fighting like hell. I'm not giving up. I mean, I'm good as dead as if I give up. I'm in two Supreme Court appeals right now. I've got three federal lawsuits to file. See how any of that's gonna help kids. If I if I if I give up, it's all for nothing. I would have lost four houses. I don't have anything to freaking I'm not gonna I'm not gonna live this, you know, with this fucking false falsely branded tag when these people are more criminal than than anybody I've ever fucking seen. They are I mean, it is it is the biggest just racket, crime racket. And they're using the government to intimidate and and basically inflict fear. They're they're they're fully going above and beyond taking advantage of their position. Understand, man. Alright, Tim. I'll look for your text. I'll send it probably email. Alright. Alright. Bye.