Source: 1c20211206022958n+1 662-234-4951_0.wav
Drive file id: 1TR-aUwLR_ewP8ZK8-JN92Z-4-IG3NPsU
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

Hello? Hey, Matt. It's China. Hey, China. Hi. Okay. So your case, the L21494 Mhmm. After we went through our double checking process and everything, I took everything. This has to be filed in justice court. We have no judgment or jurisdiction over this. So this will have to be heard by Judge Childers again, like like, for the appeal. Okay. Because if this paperwork is not an appeal our paperwork that we have is not an appeal. Right. Well, I mean and and that rule 59 motion was it's it's not exactly it's not the same thing as an appeal. Yes, sir. Well, I'm just saying we after we would do our double checking process and everything, it was like I double checked, and it has to go back to the justice court because we just don't have any jurisdiction over here. Alright. Well, I've I've tried to tell Jill that, 20 different times, and I can't get anything through to her. So, I can't give this back, though, but, because we'll have to keep this since it was obviously open here, but it, you can take that copy that I sent you, you know, or take copies of that. Okay. Well, no. I mean, I I need y'all to call down there and explain that to Jill because, you know Hang on, Matt. My other line's ringing right quick, and I'm the only one here. Hang on one second. Okay. Sorry. I'm the only one here. Sonia is on her way back to lunch. So we're not gonna be able to do that. Do what? To call down there to tell them anything, unfortunately. Why? If if it's not our it's not our case, it's not our it's we just have no jurisdiction over it. I mean, I I understand that, but I was even told I was even advised by my attorney to just to to, you know, file it in circuit court. I mean, I thought your attorney. Well, he's no longer my attorney. He he's withdrawn now, but he was my attorney for the for the trial. Oh, okay. And and he even told me to file it in circuit court. I I told him, you know, that the I wanna get back with your attorney then. Well, but he's not but he's no longer, representing me. He's already formally withdrawn, for some of the judge. So Well, I don't know, hon. I just I would just call back out there, and you can tell them that we called back and said that, you know, this is not in our jurisdiction. But we just we just can't it can't go anywhere in our office. So I just wanna be able to tell you where you could, you know, keep the paperwork moving if that's what you needed. But the thing is, if there's constitutional rights violations, if there's knowingly you know, that's what that's that's the whole point of a rule 59 and a rule 60 motion. I can style it for circuit court. But it's it's basically it's it's a it's, you know, going to a higher court and having it basically declared void like it needs to be. I mean, y'all aren't leaving me much options here. Sorry, sweetie. That's all I can that's all I know. So our hands are tied on that part. My I mean, it it really kinda binds me too because, I mean, I was a that was a shit show earlier. Joe East showed up and blocked me in and and told me not to even go back into the damn courthouse. Okay. Well, I sure I'm not meaning to be sure, but I'm by myself, and I got one at my window. Okay? So I just wanted to call and let you know. Alright. Okay. Bye bye. Bye.