Source: 0c20211206025607n+1 662-234-4951_0.wav
Drive file id: 1RYbQIuUjIFrk9AZ4gMM0kiZoOqDM9-XC
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

Hello? Check your messenger. Oh, it's okay. I'm glad you called me. The what? I have a dilemma. I have a dilemma. You what? They they have a dilemma. What? They they if I were more than, like, three zero five getting there, she's not gonna be able to see anything. And because I stopped with gas and everything, which I didn't I wasn't just, like, doing until, like, while we're getting there. It was just getting there, you know, but a little bit later, like, it didn't pass. Jesus. And, of course, it took me forever to get her to the front of the parking office if they were outside, which I texted her teacher to tell her that you're above the law. But I'm debating on turning around now and just calling them and saying, we're just gonna have her to I mean, I I would I would not find a damn doctor an eye doctor that's not so damn far away. I can't. I can't because they don't have any and they're not sure. They don't have a pediatric. They've got they ain't gotta have an eye doctor. No. They don't. They don't have a pediatric on that. I've already been to this whole process. That's why I had to go to Batson Hospital in freaking Jackson for her first surgery because they didn't have one. That one, it comes down, like, once every, I don't know, couple of months or or something like that that goes to Rainer, but she's not the woman that does that, she's not even a true technically, like, a true doctor doctor because she had to refer us out to doctor Vonda Whitman in Southaven. Like, she saw her, but but Emmy's condition was was way more advanced than what she could help with if she needed a second, eye surgery. So that's the only reason I'm having to go to, you know I mean, it could be worse. I could be still having to take her back to freaking doctor Quacko and Jackson. It's I didn't even know they had one at Southaven. Apparently, doctor Phillips didn't either until, you know, the other pediatric doctor found her found this one. No. No. There's not one in in Oxford or anywhere near other than Southaven. That's the that that's the that's the crappy part about specialist. They're not everywhere. Look. I need you to check your message. Like, this is this is like oh my god. Like, as if as if shit couldn't get more My god. Alright. Well, let me let me look at it. Alright. Like, like, they just called me. Who? The circuit court to tell me now that it's after the just like just like last year. Now that it's after the ten day window for the rule 59, they call me and tell me that they cannot accept that rule 59 motion I filed on the third. Why? They said that it needs to be filed in justice court, which Jill keeps screaming up and down that it needs to be filed in Cherokee court. I told Chyna I said Did you get a recording? I got a recording. A recording? That's what I sent you. Okay. No. I'm saying the recording of the woman telling you that it has to be filed tomorrow. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And I told China. Well, no. They're up to something. Like, they're cooking something up, because, like, I literally I I I told China, I said, well, you need to get on the phone with Jill because I'm not gonna go, you know, hear that shit again. Like, when I tried to explain to her that it needs to be filed in in justice court, you need to call Jill and and and and, you know, convey that to her. She put me on hold acting like somebody came in there and said she's in the by herself. I know that she wasn't in there by herself, and she's asking for advice. And and she came right back, and she said, yeah. I we can't do that. That's not our responsibility. You know, that's you know, that is that is all on you to do. They don't wanna being called. They don't wanna be the ones to call justice court and say it, which means that their point is illegitimate. They don't want they don't want to take the fall for for passing along even more fraudulent stuff, and that's why she's telling me that they won't call and that I have to be the one to do it. So what so if you call if you call Jill or whatever and tell her what they just said, the 34 people said, I mean, if Jill's being honest, that's where we're supposed to do it, then I wonder if she would call over there and and ask them what's going on. But the problem is I've got to really, I've got an hour. I've gotta go uptown. I've gotta print it out. I've gotta reprint this out, which I can actually go ahead and add the small changes I wanted to put to it. And I literally today is actually because the weekend doesn't actually count. So like a Monday, the the tenth day would have been up on Saturday. But since Saturday was a weekend, it rolls to Monday. So as long as I get it in today I I think that they were expecting me not to be able to get it filed in justice court today before they they leave. In fact, they're probably gonna give me a hard time and probably say that that nobody's there to take it. But Yeah. I'll make sure I record it. Well, hurry up and get it done then. I mean, I wouldn't even change anything if you don't you don't have to. Is this shit? If you change anything, you're what you're making you're gonna make yourself late. I don't know because I make you up. I feel like it's a setup. Because Joey it was weird how Joey came up and and said harassing the court. And then, you know, you heard Jill say harassing. You know? And it was it it Well, yeah. Because if they called and they conveyed it to him that you're harassing, that's the only way they're gonna put it. You're or do you say you're harassing the company? No. I'm saying it from the standpoint of, basically, it looks better to them if they can if they can basically keep using you know, basically set the narrative, and and trying to use multiple ports and I know. I know. So that's what they feel like you're doing. Regardless if you're doing or not, if that's what they wanna classify it as, they're gonna keep saying that. So then they don't have so so then they don't hear nobody hears a conflicting story of, well, he was of your bothering us. No. You know? So it's strictly you arrest. Well, but that's why but that's why I also record everything. And, you know, like I said, in the Mississippi Constitution, government, is derived or government is is comprised to the people or whatever it was. And then and then, you know, the the right of the people to alter or to to, what's it called? But, basically, you know, I am I am sticking, and holding them accountable. You know? And, basically, I have I have the right to basically police the government and make sure that they're properly doing what they're supposed to and not operating in correct in corrupt ways. Alright. Alright. Anyway, here we go. Alright. I'm waiting on this thing to mix down. Twenty more minutes. It'll be done. And, yeah. Fuck them. I'm putting it live. Alright, buddy. Bye.