Source: 0c20211204033603n+1 662-816-5590_0.wav
Drive file id: 1RRKNDKBqSZ09WSdVjcKnhv18NPo_8KfE
Batch: Tier3_Calls_Dec3-7-21

She would, obviously, because she couldn't go check them out. Right. So So how about I realized that I'm sitting in my car and the fuse panel under the hood I left the top of the fuse panel off. It's sitting here in the passenger seat, and I've left the hood up for the longest time. I don't know if that's a bad thing. I'm sure it's not good. I can't imagine water in a fuse panel would be good. No. Sure it's not. But I'm sure it's also the least of my worries. Although, my luck, I'll find out the transmission thing was only a small thing like the Ford and, Bruce. And, and then I'll have a new problem to deal with, which is now the fuse panel. Alright. I don't know. Where are you at? Alright. Have you a guest? Where at? Is that a gas station? No. I don't know. I don't know anything. You're lying to me. Alright, buddy. Well, I love you. Thank you for calling me. Army wants to go back and get the car, but I'm not going to. I'll get the car? Are you outside? Yeah. You're outside? Yeah. Okay. Well, alright. Well, I'll run. I'm out there with Well, I mean, you're already so late. I mean well I mean, I know. It's really nothing. I mean, I it's really well, it's five more minutes than it really hurts now this point. Oh, yeah. True. Are you still gonna well, I guess you can't work past a certain time anyways. I can't work past a certain time. So, I mean, ten is the cutoff sometimes. They turn I'm surprised they let you stay out there till ten. I'm surprised they're why they don't even know. On the client. It depends on the client. It depends on who the clients are. I mean, some people sometimes, you know, go to eleven, but I know, the ones that that I've been assigned, none of them go past ten. And I don't even I don't know if I have any that actually are till ten. I'll I'll find out. But I don't know that I do have any. But I do think that anybody that even goes out there that way. Like, I I would think it would be during the day. No. Because you generally start you have a couple hours at somebody's house. So think about it. If you, like, started sick and they have, you know, that amount of time that they used, of four hours, you know, because, like, some people actually do an eight hour shift at one house. Mhmm. It just depends what is it their needs or what their, you know, what clients they have. So pretty flexible on stuff. But, I mean, that's what I'm saying. So, like, I don't know that any of the one oh, I don't know what to spell out. Anyway, I don't know that I have any clients that are talking, and I don't I don't know. I haven't learned the clients that I have yet, really. Good enough that I don't need that, though. My wife's a wife was for shit day. Oh, I meant to tell you. I meant to get a new window wiper. Yeah. I need one that was up. Fuck. I should've done that already, especially if it's gonna rain because you're not gonna be able to see while while driving. Baby. Oh, wait. Where is Rain X? I don't know. Maybe I don't have to have all that. Well, no. I mean, I I was saying I was saying I might have some in my car to wipe on, wipe off. It's fine. I mean, I I can use it. I'm just using it, like, every time, like, every time I need it. I'm not gonna be able to run it consistently, though. Well So I might have to But it it doesn't even work. Remember, it's see, I I've had to drive in the rain before with that and I mean, it's working it's working okay. I mean, it's keeping it off and I'm hard to see. I wonder if I could take one off. I wonder if I could take mine off of my card and put it on yours and it would work. I doubt it, unfortunately. Well, I might see if we can go up. No. Don't worry. I'm not gonna pull up. I'm just gonna I'm just gonna be at the end of the driveway. This truck will get out of my way. Alright. Well, let me go. I'll, well, just make me send to the driveway. Okay? I'm in my car right now. Okay. Well, make me send to the driveway. Okay. I don't remember what he's told I got. Alright.