DECLARATION OF MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746
I, Matthew Oliver Reardon, declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United
States of America that the following is true and correct:
1. I am a journalist and constitutional rights advocate residing in Layton, Utah. I am
competent to make this declaration and do so of my own personal knowledge.
2. On March 31, 2025, I visited the FBI Salt Lake City Field Office in an attempt to deliver
an affidavit alleging serious misconduct and potential federal crimes by Captain Hildon
Sessums of the Oxford, Mississippi Police Department.
3. Captain Sessums has previously admitted to being a graduate of the FBI National Academy,
and I believe that his ties to the FBI may explain the federal government's ongoing
unwillingness to investigate his conduct or accept reports implicating him in civil rights
violations and unlawful surveillance.
4. I have previously experienced refusal, stonewalling, and systemic inaction from the FBI in
response to my attempts to report documented abuses involving Mississippi state and local
officials. I believe this demonstrates a longstanding pattern of disregard or prejudice by the
Bureau against me.
5. Upon arrival at the Salt Lake FBI office on March 31, 2025, I was not allowed past the
outer visitor gate.FBI agents refused to even approach to retrieve my affidavit or engage in
discussion. They instead demanded my driver's license and personal identification for the
purpose of running a full background check, before they would even accept a piece of paper
from me.
6. I was there for lawful purposes, attempting to submit documented evidence and a sworn
statement alleging criminal activity by a law enforcement official.
7. I explicitly refused to submit to a background check, citing my Fourth Amendment right
against unreasonable search and seizure. I told them that no victim of a crime should be
required to give up their constitutional rights to report criminal conduct.
8. The FBI agent became hostile and refused to engage unless I complied with this arbitrary
and unconstitutional demand. This procedure, which he claimed was "policy," served to
chill my First Amendment rights, as I was ultimately prevented from submitting a criminal
complaint or my affidavit due to their refusal to accept it without unlawfully searching me
first.
9. I began reporting on the event live, standing in the publicly accessible visitor parking lot
outside the gate of the FBI field office. I was peacefully reading from my declaration on
camera when two FBI agents approached me without warning or conversation and ordered
me to leave immediately, under threat of arrest for trespassing.
10. When I asserted my right to be present in the public visitor area as a journalist and civilian.
I pointed out that taxpayer-funded federal property is not private, however they insisted the
parking lot was "FBI-owned private property" and that I was no longer welcome. Their
only response was: "If you don't leave, you will be charged."
11. In addition, an agent walked around my car to the rear and recorded my license plate
number further escalating the surveillance, intimidation, and harassment against me.
12. I believe that this act was retaliatory, and that the FBI's actions-past and present-reflect a
deliberate effort to suppress my speech, evade accountability, and shield Sessums from
investigation due to institutional ties and complicity.
13. I believe this encounter, as well as prior conduct, establishes:
- A violation of my First Amendment right to petition the government and report as a journalist.
- A violation of my Fourth Amendment right against suspicion-less search.
- A retaliatory pattern against a known journalist and rights advocate.
- Probable unlawful sharing of surveillance/intelligence with Sessums by the FBI or its agents.
14. I reserve all rights to pursue appropriate legal action, including constitutional claims and
discovery of FBI communications with Oxford, Mississippi law enforcement.
Executed on this 1st day of April, 2025 at 0700.
_________________________________
Matthew Oliver Reardon