My Tutorial Recording
Mon, Mar 31, 2025 4:10PM 4:00:00
SPEAKERS
Matthew Reardon, phone auto attendant, FBI Punk, FBI Agent (female)
F FBI Agent (female) 01:09
How you doing? I see an agent. What's going on? I need to see an agent. Do you have an
appointment? No, I just, I just rushed over here from us. District court got a major issue. I was
hoping to see somebody. I know it's getting close to five, but I at least want to drop off a
affidavit. So this number here, I'm gonna give that a call. When you call it, you can go ahead
and type it in, but don't, don't hit Send yet. This is Hear me out first. So when you call it, it's
gonna be a recorded message, okay, and it's gonna give you all the kinds of prompts. Don't
follow any of the prompts when the message is not playing, as long as you haven't hit any
buttons, it'll bring our building here. Tell them what you're about, and then they'll take it all
right. What time are agents here till? What time are agents here till? Are they? Are they nine to
five people, or do they have people that are here after that, the people that will come out? It's
very, it's a very, very serious ordeal. You'll have to hurry. Okay, that doesn't mean that we
don't have people on the inside. Like, yeah, go ahead and call because it's, it's this a major,
major crime.
P phone auto attendant 03:00
Otherwise, please listen to the following options. This call may be recorded if you are calling to
report a bank robbery or a law enforcement officer or NCIC press one, if you are calling to
report criminal activity, if you are a member of this year, please email your request to our
media representative@mpia.ic.fbi.gov if this is regarding employment, please visit our website
at WWW dot FBI, J, O, B at.gov reach the operator, press Zero or stay on the line, and you will
be connected automatically.
M Matthew Reardon 04:00
FBI, Salt Lake City, yes, I, I'm down here at the at the security tower. I need to speak with an
agent. It's, it's about something very, very serious. Okay, so you're just looking to make a
report. I guess, if that's what you want, y'all want to call it as a report. I just, I just rushed over
here from US District Court. I've got an affidavit that I want to submit to y'all. I've filed it with,
with district court. There is, it's, it's, this is, it's just, it's bizarre. I am a I'm a journalist and I'm
an author, and there's a multi state conspiracy that there's a police captain police department
over in Mississippi that ran illegal surveillance on me. Okay, so I can transfer you to make that
report, and this way, because it is multi state, these people will take all the reports for every
state well, but, but, ma'am, I am, I know you're about transfer me to, like, the national number,
or whatever. I'm, I'm, literally, I rushed over here. I drove a good ways, and I want to speak to
somebody in person. This is, I've got, I've got documents, I've got, huh,
F FBI Agent (female) 05:26
are you outside of our building?
M Matthew Reardon 05:28
I am.
F FBI Agent (female) 05:29
Yeah, okay, let me see if there's someone available.
M Matthew Reardon 05:35
Yeah, because I've got documents, I'm ready to turn over right now. While I'm here, it's
important for me to make it over here so I can, I can, yeah, so typically, we don't do any walk
ins after 4pm I will check and see if the duty agent is available to do it, but it's possible that
they might not be able to today. Well, I mean, I literally for you, yeah, I can't just, I can't just
make this drive again tomorrow or whatever it has to get I mean, I need to, I need to turn this
over in person.
F FBI Agent (female) 06:10
Okay, let me contact that really Quick. Just stay on the line. You Yeah, okay, so our duty agent
isn't able to come out right now I can see if they'd be willing to give you a call. Is
M Matthew Reardon 07:01
really, yeah, this. But you know what? This is a real source subject for me, because I've been,
I've been gaffed off by the FBI for quite some time. It's actually been, it's, it's, I was, I was
hoping that y'all would show a sign of good faith here, and I'm legitimately trying to turn
something over, and I've literally been kicked around. This is, this is
F FBI Agent (female) 07:38
okay. I can check and see if there's anyone else
M Matthew Reardon 07:40
M Matthew Reardon 07:40
I would like to speak if, and you know what Its that serious, I will leave my phone or whatever. I
just need to talk to somebody. If nobody will come out and talk to me, then I'm just gonna, like I
said, I'm a journalist, so I'm gonna run a story out here in the parking lot if Nobody will come
out and talk to me.
F FBI Agent (female) 08:01
Okay, give me one second. Let me check for someone else. We don't have anyone who's
available to speak with you right now, but if you want me to take down your information, I can
have someone call you.
M Matthew Reardon 08:59
Why are y'all doing this to me. You mean, I know that
F FBI Agent (female) 09:07
our hours for walk-ins are from like 8:30am to before 4pm so once it hits 4pm we usually don't
have anyone that big building right there, and you don't have anybody, I want to remind you
that y'all work for the public. And it's there's a common misconception, I think that's going on,
that that, you know, the federal government and FBI rules to people, and it's the other way
around, okay, it's, it's, this is not a way to, you know, I am a, I am a victim of a major crime
right now, like major crime, and I rushed over here from US District Court. And you mean to tell
me that nobody will come to the gate and and get my documents that this drive was for
nothing. Because I'm sure, because I'm sure a lot of people, I'm sure a lot of people are gonna
love to hear about this whenever I hit the Live button and go ahead and start and start running
a story, because that's what's about to happen if nobody comes out here and talks to me. It's
very simple. Somebody could come out here and talk to me, or I'm going to run a story right
here in your parking lot about this right now. Okay, I can try to reach out to our duty agent
again. but would you be okay with him giving you a phone call? No, no, I'm putting I'm putting
my foot down on this, because this is that serious of an issue. I'm not going to No, no, okay, I
can check one more Time, all Right. Do?
M Matthew Reardon 18:10
Are you still there? Yep, okay, so I'm working on getting hold of someone. Are you okay to stay
on hold for a few more minutes while I work on that? Or would you like us to give you a call
back no see, I'll hold because it just, I've had a bad experience with the I was told this before at
another office and I, and I sat outside waiting on a call for two and a half hours just for them to
then, you know, sneak all the people out and then say nobody is here. It's, it's, that's, that's,
F FBI Agent (female) 18:55
Could you give me your name?
M Matthew Reardon 19:00
my name is Matthew. I don't consent to any searches or seizures. Well, the last time I came up
here, they they insisted on running a background check before I could speak to somebody, and
then they ended up running the background check. You know, I compromised and and they ran
it anyways.
F FBI Agent (female) 19:26
so before we have people speak with an agent we run a background check
M Matthew Reardon 19:31
I think people that background check you do run like, how long have you Has that been a
policy? It's always been, well, the Fourth Amendments always been a thing as well. Like, I don't
understand how reporting a crime, how somebody has to almost victimize themselves further
by giving up their or by having a back, plus the resources on stuff like that. Like, I know there's
a cost for running background checks and and I just, I can't, for the life of me, see where
somebody has to have a background check run on them to report A crime.
F FBI Agent (female) 20:15
Okay. Someone is coming out to speak with you
M Matthew Reardon 20:17
okay Thank You. somebody's coming out. I said somebody's coming out. I had to yank teeth to
get that dad, yeah, she said, somebody's gonna come out, I guess on their way out. Right now,
what's in your hand right there? Oh, my pepper spray. I can go put it in the car. What in your
pocket for me, if you want? Yeah, sorry, yeah. I don't even, I don't even realize, I don't even
realize it's on there half the time. And I yeah, they're all consent any searches or seizures. Hey,
I want to know. I was asking the lady on the phone, can I, can I, can I speak with you over here
at the window? It's somebody else's the duty agent. We're waiting for them. I know, and I'm
trying to figure out what like When this became a thing where a victim has to has to have a
background check run, to speak to an agent to turn over papers. It seems very invasive, and it
seems like it clashes with the Fourth Amendment,
F FBI Punk 22:57
its not even a fourth Amendment thing
M Matthew Reardon 23:29
M Matthew Reardon 23:29
I don't understand the Fourth Amendment!? You clearly don't understand the Fourth
Amendment. I'm a Marine Corps Veteran. I'm a constitutional rights advocate and I know the
Fourth Amendment what?? well i got to find out who i got those papers from so you got to give
up your id for that Really you really got me a fucking dick like that? No, I hadn't been I was
asking you a question, and you come over here with a carry in a fucking attitude like that,
getting smart with me. I'm just simply, I rushed over here from the court because there's a
major fucking issue going on. I asked you a question about the ID, and you want to get smart
with me. Well, who the papers can Yeah, but, but does that involve going and running a
background check into getting a stack of documents? Because last time I came over here,
that's what y'all did, and I know you're gonna do it again. No, I just have a i just i If you want to
talk to us, you're welcome to leave. I don't want to talk to you, so I want to talk to somebody
else, because you're a dick. So yes, somebody else up here, the only one you fucking talking to
you, then fuck off. All right, I'll run a story on it right now. Your FBI agents, I know y'all work in
there. I got a big bone to pick with y'all policies. Well, do what y'all don't give a shit about the
damn constitution, do you? Your oath doesn't mean shit to you. Your oath doesn't mean shit.
Pieces of shit, man, y'all don't give a fuck about the Fourth Amendment. All right, what's up?
What's up, man? Up now pissed over here at the I'm over at the same place that I was before,
about probably a month ago, same place that I realized everybody realized the big shocker that
you can't report a federal Crime, a major federal crime at that to these people, unless they
actually run a complete and full background check. First of all, they tried to give me the damn
runaround on bringing this affidavit over here, trying to claim that because I got here five
minutes or whatever after four o'clock, that nobody would Meet with me. Had to remind them
that that they work for the people you know. I think there's a there's a common misconception
going on right now that with the federal government, that they are you they basically run it's
their say on everything, just like the I just had an argument with an agent over at The office
that was a complete smart ass about the requirement for a background check. Doesn't make a
bit of sense to me. He wanted to tell me, I don't know the Fourth Amendment said they've had
this policy for a long time, as far as running a background check to speak to an agent, said the
Fourth Amendment has been around a lot longer than whatever your policy is. Don't forget
about that. You forget about the document called the Constitution. Clearly, these jackasses
have way too much money in their budget, if they can, if they can afford to run a background
check on somebody just to speak to an agent. That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
So I want to start to rank. I want to talk about some of the things that happened today. This is
going to be a pretty big update, and I would like to do it outside, and not actually in my car.
And we're going to see how this rain holds up, because it's a it's starting to it's starting to
sprinkle. I'm going to go over what I wanted to drop off with the FBI, and I sure hope somebody
is scoping the just YouTube out like I'm sure they are. I because this just got filed in federal
court today, anyways. But what I really wanted to see is if the FBI was going to take their job
seriously and take a major complaint, all I wanted to do was to see somebody in person. All
they had to do was come to the damn gate and talk to me. But this is the nonsense these
people are paid for with taxpayer dollars. And this is exactly how they treat the people that pay
their salaries. In my hand right here, it's backwards. On this I've got a sworn declaration. I'm
going to read this sworn declaration live on this video, since I couldn't actually turn it in to the
FBI. Want to give me the run around. I guess I have another complaint to file with the Office of
the Inspector General. So this will make three now I'm just going to keep filing paperwork until
something changes, because this is ridiculous. I Matthew Oliver Reardon declare under penalty
of perjury, under the laws of the United States of America, that the following is true and correct
to the best of my knowledge and belief. One, I am over the age of 18 and competent to make
this declaration. I am the individual referenced in communications sent by Captain Hilton
Sessoms of the Oxford, Mississippi Police Department on February the fifth, 2025 number two,
I've moved into a residence in Layton, Utah late in the day on February 1 2025 the residence is
located at I'm going to redact that for this video. Number three, at the time I moved in, I had
not submitted or disclosed that residential address to any person, agency, platform or
institution, public or private. Number four, I had not yet updated or filed my new address with
the Department of Motor Vehicles the United States, Postal Service, voter registration, tax
filings, or any other governmental record keeping agency Number five, I had not mentioned or
published the address on any public platform, social media account, video form or document,
nor had I provided it to any individual outside of the leasing process. Number six, in fact, I did
not have the address memorized, and routinely had to refer back to a text Message from my
landlord to retrieve me this further off. Me. This further affirms My patience is running thin
today. This further affirms that I could not have casually or inadvertently disclosed the address
myself. Number seven. At no point prior to February, 5, 2025 did I provide my new latent
address to any law enforcement agency, including, but not limited to the latent
F FBI Punk 44:48
Hey sir how’s it going
M Matthew Reardon 44:49
what's going on.
F FBI Punk 44:51
I'm gonna have to ask for you to leave, though, otherwise you'll get charged with trespassing.
M Matthew Reardon 44:55
I'm gonna get charged with trespassing, being on public on public property.
F FBI Punk 45:00
This is private property
M Matthew Reardon 45:01
the FBI is private property? No, this is actually a parking lot right here. No.
F FBI Punk 45:06
So, yeah, but we own this. You can go in the grass on the other Seventh Street, but you need to
leave so, so this,
M Matthew Reardon 45:12
you're actually gonna tell me this, I'm a journalist, and I'm here. I tried to turn in
F FBI Punk 45:16
Where is your credentials at,
M Matthew Reardon 45:18
fuck the credentials. I don't need fucking credentials. Who are you to ask me for fucking
credentials? Motherfucker?
F FBI Punk 45:23
Alright.. you got a mouth on you
M Matthew Reardon 45:26
Okay, I'll don’t give a fuck. Where's your supervisor at
F FBI Punk 45:29
You don’t nee to talk to my supervisor. Does d Does Filming make you feel cool?
M Matthew Reardon 45:32
Yeah, it does, uh, does being a fucking dumb ass just does? does refusing to talk to the public
make you feel special? Does that make you feel special?
F FBI Punk 45:42
I'm talking to you.
M Matthew Reardon 45:45
Well, I'm not gonna play you fucking games. I'm gonna leave the property, and I'm actually
gonna go right out here to the curb, and then I'd like to see you do something motherfucker
piece of shit.
F FBI Punk 45:57
You’re really big behind the camera huh?
M Matthew Reardon 45:58
Ok cool.. alright Oh yeah. Oh yeah. fucking tool, Can y'all believe that? Did you hear what he
said? Oh, he's looking at my he's looking at my tag. Do Oh yeah, yeah, get the fuck out of the
way. Yeah, okay, see this, Jesus Christ, I'm over there reporting on a story, and they come out
and tell me that basically I'm trespassing if I don't leave. I left. They got nothing to freakin.
They got nothing to freakin. Call the cops on. They just, they just took down my tag because I'm
over there reporting on a story because they refuse to take a complaint. I unbelievable. Hope
you'll share the hell out of that.
F FBI Punk 47:26
just getting your license plate number
M Matthew Reardon 47:42
Unbelievable. Over i i got the police right there. Ah, it. I'm so fucking mad right now. Yo, what is
God? What has happened to America? Yo, we live in a land of fucking tyrants. I guarantee you
know my my suspicion has all but been confirmed. See, here's, here's what I believe, 100%
100% I was a I said something about this earlier to a couple of people. I believe that Captain
Sessoms with the Oxford Police Department. Got my address as soon as I moved down to
Layton, the address was never published, was never was never written on anything. I was only
here for a couple of days when he somehow 20 something hours away, researched my address
and provided it to Layton Police Department. Sessoms admitted in his email that he was a
graduate of the FBI National Academy. No City Police Department is going to have the
technology or hell even the budget to find out an address before it's ever put in any kind of
database. I didn't even know my address. That was what I was just reading right there with the
sworn declaration. I i believe Sessoms had had a contact with the FBI that ran this surveillance.
I and gave him that information because it wasn't late police because sesams actually put my
address in the email to late and said, This is based on our research. This is what you know we
believed His address is that's illegal. I filed a lawsuit today. All right, let me I'm going to come
back to that here just a second. If you go to W TP, news.org, WTP, news.org, on the homepage,
the featured article has the lawsuit. You can actually read the lawsuit, 19 pages, all right, that's
it, right there. Stamp filed. I'm putting my foot down with this. This is we're not, we're not
playing, we're not playing these games. All right, I'm going to read through the real quickly,
read through the defendants on this and and now I'm going to go right back to this declaration.
All right, just so you know, okay, who all is getting sued over this? I'm is catastrophe. So it's, it
is a, this is, this is turning into a ongoing, it's an ongoing miscarriage of justice that is that has
been multiplied by 100 All right, so I'm the plaintiff, and I'm suing the city of Layton, Utah, the
Layton Police Department, the City of Oxford, Mississippi, the Oxford Police Department.
Captain Hilden Sessoms, in his individual and official capacity, Chief Jeff McCutcheon and his
individual and official capacity, Lieutenant Riley Richards, Mark Harrington and John does one
to 139 so 147 defendants. Obviously, I'm not going to use all the John Doe 139 I may not use
any of it's there simply if the false information that was disseminated out, that was doxxed out,
that information, that Was that email was sent to 139 individuals. And so the John does one to
139 is taken into consideration that those 139 people could have potentially disseminated that
doxxed information out further if they did there, and get back to four hours so rudely
interrupted by those pieces of shit outside of the FBI office. Bro, you. I gotta go back. And part
of me wanted to, man, I should have, I should have stood my I should have stood my ground. I
should have stood my ground. I'm so I'm so freaking mad right now. I can't even concentrate.
Number Seven at no point prior to February 5, 2025 did I provide my new latent address to any
law enforcement agency, including but not limited to the latent police department or any entity
in Utah or Mississippi. Do I forgot about having, forgot about having my body cam on. Oh yeah,
I got those. Got those suckers one way or the other. Got them on the got them on the YouTube
video, and I got them on the body cam. Cool, cool, cool. Number eight, nonetheless, on
February 5, 2025 Captain Hilton Sessoms of the Oxford Police Department emailed my full
residential address the multiple officials within the Lake City Police Department. The Email
falsely stated that from our research his current address is despite the fact that no such
research could have uncovered this address through any legal official or public means. Number
nine, it is therefore my firm belief and sworn assertion that Captain sessions could not have
lawfully obtained this address through any public or law enforcement database, and that the
address was either illegally acquired through surveillance, unlawful access or misuse of
government resources or provided by an individual acting outside the bounds of law
enforcement data protocols, number 10, the address in question was then further disseminated
by Lieutenant Riley Richards of the of the Layton police department to over 100 recipients. It
was 139 recipients and a mass email perpetuating a defamatory narrative and unlawfully
broadcasting my private information. Number 11, I make this declaration in support of a federal
civil rights complaint and related formal grievances involving violations of my fourth and 14th
Amendment rights, and in response to a targeted or to in response to targeted retaliation
against my constitutionally protected First Amendment activities, executed this 31st day of
March. 2025 Matthew Reardon, something just doesn't feel right. He you just getting on here
you missed. You missed something that needs to freakin go viral. You miss two FBI agents
acting worse than children. You pissing on the Constitution. I fucking hate the FBI now. I hate
him before, and I extremely hate him now. I I'm not going to read this lawsuit. This isn't
storytell. Time to piss read i i go to WTP, news.org, and check out the headlined article. Read
the complaint. I'm not putting up with this shit any longer, no more this made that clear,
putting my foot down on all this garbage i I'm going to shut this off, and I'm be ready to go
back live if some Fuck Shit happens. If I had a weird I had a weird feeling about all that people
have way too much power in their hands, yet they're throwing around. We'll come back a lot
Some Have You. Hey, Hey, so there's some crazy shit going on. So I just, I just, like, literally had
it out with the freakin FBI, and it was their fault, like it was not my doing. This is my bait. They
all but they pretty much confirmed everything that I had. I had that feeling about and like this
just crossed all the realms of crazy like it, these, these people were not acting anything like
how an FBI agent is supposed to act. They like it was, and I was live on YouTube, actually. So,
so what happened was, I was out there and they didn't want to see so, like, basically, I was like,
Look, I rushed over here from from US District Court. I had something major. I need to speak
with the FBI, but I need to hand you a paperwork, you know, I need to hand you all this affidavit
and, and I'm sick and tired of getting dipped around by the FBI. Like, like, it's happened to all
Lafayette County, and I'm sick and tired of this bullshit. Like, like, it's, it's, you know, you'll have
it in your head that you know you don't work for the people, like, you don't get your paychecks
from the people. Okay, the federal government has got it all confused, and they think that they
rule the people, but actually, it's the other way around. Well, okay, so, so, so they were so
basically, I told the woman I had to call because the security check said you got to call and
basically have an appointment. I was like, What kind of shit is that? So so on the phone and,
and she's like, so, so she was like, Yeah, I don't know if they're gonna, you know, see you or
not. I was like, this big building right here. You mean to tell me there's only one person in
there? You know, it's 410, in the afternoon, and I just need to drop off an affidavit. Like, No, I
said, No, you need to tell them that you come and talk to and she put me on hold. She went to
go, I guess, talk to the duty agent. They're not a private they're not a private company, this is
federal law enforcement. They don't what kind of privileges they don't get, special privileges
that other people don't get. Their job is to combat federal crime. If I make it there and I need to
drop off an affidavit that swears to serious federal crimes being committed, and they won't
even take that there's a major issue. So I told her, like, basically she said that nobody can
speak to me. I said, Well, all right, well, then, you know, I already told you, I'm a journalist, so
I'm gonna, I'm gonna develop a story out here in the parking lot. You know, the people are
gonna be very, very upset, you know, to see how y'all are, how y'all are acting, how y'all are
handling everything, and then, and then finally, you know, whenever I had to basically put the,
you know, the idle thread of, I'm gonna record a freaking I'm gonna run a news segment on
this, because this is, I mean, this is, this is beyond acceptable. I said, Yeah, once I hit that live
button, there's gonna be a lot of people that are gonna be very upset with this. And so she she,
she went again. She's like, I think I got somebody that'll speak to you, and she asked me for my
name, and I told her, I don't consent to searches or seizures like, I told her I'd give me like, I'll
give my name. But here's the problem, I got a major issue with y'all running a full background
check just for a victim to speak to. You know, an agent that's a extreme, huge waste of
resources. I know there's a cost for running background checks and all that. And you know, for
y'all to basically further victimize a victim by running a full background check on them. You
know, there's something called, I said, How long have you had that policy? She said, long time.
I said, I guarantee it had been as long as the Constitution, the Fourth Amendment, you know,
explicitly protects against that. And she said, Well, it agents coming right now. Agent came. He
went into the security guard booth, and he was hanging way back. I didn't have my phone or
camera or anything like that. I was there at the window trying to, you know, trying to basically
speak to somebody. And he was just a complete, I think the look on his face said everything. He
was like, I can, I can read somebody like a book. And he started getting a smart mouth with me,
like I told him. I was like, I shouldn't have to. Y'all shouldn't have to run a full background check
with me, just just for me to turn over some papers. That's ridiculous. This is about principle. You
wanted to tell me that I don't know the Constitution. I don't know the fourth member. I was like,
No, clearly you don't. You know. Like, like, I'm a Marine Corps veteran, and I like, I'm a
constitutional rights advocate. I know constitutional rights this, this is not right. And so just the
way he was acting, I didn't I knew I didn't want to speak to him. I was like, I want to speak to
your supervisor or somebody else. I'm not speaking to you because you're jackass, you're
smart ass, and I'm not gonna fucking talk to you. And he said, well, well, I'm not calling
anybody else out here, and I was like, Well, we'll find that fuck you. I'm not. I'm not, you know,
we're not. We're not doing this right? Because, you know, I can just see him running my
background. And even though, you know the Galveston shit is, is non extraditable, you know,
causing, you know, some type of issue, because, like, he had Eve strike running in his eyes.
And so I went out to the car, and I got my gimbal, and I went ahead and typed in the title for
the, you know, for the story, you know, outside of there, because I was gonna, I was gonna talk,
basically, if I couldn't talk to an agent, turn in my my affidavit, since I've already filed it court
and it's already a public matter, I was going to, you know, a, I was going to talk about the issue,
which is a major issue, about the background check thing. And then I was also going to read
that affidavit on the live stream. So I set it up, and I started, I set it up, and then I started
reading the affidavit. I got down to bullet point like number seven, and all of a sudden I hear
the gate open, and I hear feet, and it's this agent, and it's another one that is looks even more
like a freaking troublemaker, like, like these guys were just, you'll have to see the video. So he
comes out. He comes out. He says, So, so it's not even five o'clock, he said, so you're gonna
have to leave. You have to leave our property or or be are lacking arrested for trespass. And I
was like, I was like, this is public property. I'm in the parking lot, you know, I'm a journalist. I
have every right to cover, you know, to cover this story. You can't, you can't do that. That's,
you know, I didn't push the issue. I just, I did a lot of shit talking, and they did a lot of shit
talking back to me. And I, you know, made sure that everybody, like everybody, was watching
how they were acting and and I knew, I knew what they were I knew what they were up to, so I
wasn't going to like any other time, I would have said, I would have pushed the issue, and I
would have sat there and and literally argued it out with them, because they had no grounds to
do that. You cannot trespass from public property. You just can't do it the FBI, when I had, when
I had a lawful reason to be there. I just filed a lawsuit. I had affidavit they wouldn't take. I had
every lawful reason to be there, and they can't, you know, to basically threaten me like that. So
then, so, so I get in my car, and they go around to the back side of my car and are jotting down
my freaking license tag As if I haven't been surveilled enough. What's going on with America? I
don't, I don't want this is, this is not okay. This like, you can't just basically say, oh, that's the
way it is. No, somebody, no, somebody's, somebody's got to stand up that shit. Like, like,
patriots need to fucking fight back on that shit. I I know, but it can't be with the feds like that. I
don't know. I guess I got to put in my third fucking complaint to the Office of the Inspector
General now, because, like I they should be, but you know what? But, but they damn well
should be. But look at, look at how the problem, how long the problem has gone on. Yeah, like,
how they got rid of that report over at Oxford, how they, you know, stood me up like that, like I
didn't do anything wrong, like, on either one of those times I did everything right and and so
this is what I'm saying. Sessoms got that Intel, I guarantee you I told you earlier I had a gut
feeling that he got fed his intel from the FBI and and what happened today just confirmed it
100 and that's actually where I was talking about on the live stream when they came out the
FBI, what do they have on you? What do you mean, if he got this information from the FBI?
What is it that the FBI has that you've done something illegal? I haven't done anything illegal.
I'm just I'm just a threat to them. I'm a threat to them because I'm a I'm a patriot. I expose
corruption, and they're one of the most corrupt agencies in the country. I've got, I've got, I
don't have as much dirt on them as I have on like Lafayette County, but I certainly have a lot,
and that makes me an enemy, like, I'm 100% on a watch list for them, you know, and I didn't
ever do anything criminal. To be put on a watch list. It's just because, you know, there, it's just
the way that society is gone. It's they are so corrupt, and anybody that could expose their
corruption is automatically an enemy of the city. No I'm running an SDR surveillance detection
run. It's the dump of any, any tail that, because, because, most of the time you don't, you don't
know, I mean, but it's, it's, it's just not fair. It's I, literally, I have not done anything to deserve
any of this. And you know, it's, it's fear. I fear for a fear for my kids generation, like, how Bad
it's really gonna be like? I oil, actually, actually, you know what time to get off here, because I
do need to call lawyers. There's actually a lawyer. I was given this lawyers name and number
last night. He wants to, he wants to pay me to to do his Facebook ads. And I texted him last
night. He was gonna it's gonna make contact today. I told him today, it's gonna be a busy day.
If he hit me up that I was gonna be filing a lawsuit, going to the FBI and all that, and then if he
couldn't reach me, I would hit him back. I sent him the article, the brand new article that I just
posted on WTP, news.org, that has the lawsuit, and he and he just, and he sent me a text back.
He said, That was a that's a great article. So, you know, at this point, at this point, I just,
Nothing can be worse than, you Know, the honestly, anything's an upgrade at this point. I
People call me later. Do you not understand? Do you not understand what's going on here?
Because even if Listen Listen to me, listen to even if it gets resolved, even if it gets resolved,
my problems are if it gets resolved, and that means that I'm going to somehow miraculously
land against all this power. And don't think that power is going to forget that you know that
they got made to look like shit. It's just going to, and that's just the unfortunate part is it's just
going to, it's just going to pop up, you know, some other way, or it's going to get worse. Don't it
cameras going downtown the bank. It's a pain in the ass. None of this, I don't bother anybody,
though it doesn't matter. It's it doesn't matter, but, but Mom, mom, mom, see, this is where I
can't ever seem to get through to anybody but, but, no, It's beyond that you talk about real,
you know, real jobs and all that. But I mean people that are in the like journalism, the news
industry, the do you not? Do you not realize that there is a there, like you say, you act like it's a
fairy tale. It's actually like legitimate it serves a a purpose, and because, because this is exactly
why it's so important, is because of the way that it's been that, you know, things are taking
over, and there is a market. It's just like there's a market for news. There's a market for soap
operas. The people that create soap operas, you know, I think that that's a, you know, you
know, that's, that's but they make money because of advertisers, because of different things,
that much money doing that kind of thing. That's why rent is due tomorrow. Here we are, end
of story. And this end of story, if you're a law abiding citizen with a camera in somebody's face,
my somebody's face. Okay, see, and this is what, no, I know that. I know that. I know that I'm
not saying that. Hear me out. Do you see what's going on to me right now. And do you think
that for one second that I want to not have my camera in my hand for my own safety? Like, if I
don't have my camera in my hand for my own safety, anything can happen. It's just like when I
was in Lafayette County, when I felt the need to always carry an audio recorder in my pocket.
It's not fair to have to feel like that. But why would I'm already without guns? I'm already
without a way of defending myself. Why would I want to? Why would I want to? You know, be
be have anything left for me to even protect myself many lives. No, we're not. Because, like,
literally, you don't realize how serious this is, and you're wanting me to, like, put the camera
down, and the camera is what's saving my ass. If I was at the FBI office and I wasn't recording
just Now, anything could have happened to me. What was the I didn't, I don't want to have this
conversation. I really don't, because I wasn't, because, because I could have, I could have, like,
I could have been very provocative. And I did it. Was it all it was was stress testing. It's just
people don't understand rights. Too many people don't understand rights. You don't understand
rights the way that you need to understand rights, and that's why you're I I don't, I don't, I don't
think it was because you do you realize? Do you realize, how many people around the country
do that you act like it's you act like I was just the only like, no, it's actually, it's actually a fairly
common thing. I just as I told the lieutenant I had never done one of those. And honestly, I do
not, in any way, shape or form, view myself as a First Amendment auditor. Maybe there was
one time in the very way in the past. I don't, I don't do that, that stuff anymore. That's not my
that's that's not my deal. I just, I watched so many of those silent audits. I thought they were
really cool, nifty, and I just got, I just wanted to try it that one time. It's all right, hey, yeah,
yeah, call me tomorrow. I Hey, Mario, hello, sorry, mailbox is full to send an SMS notification.
Press five. I Are You available For chat? I