Scol0 P1500.3N 
14 Dec 07 
or personal affects) may be directed without notice by the company commander in order to ensure no student at 501 is in unauthorized possession of ammunition. An inspection of this kind is encouraged prior to graduation or drop from training. 
4004. ARMED GUARD/SENTRY PROCEDURES. 
All Marines who are armed shall adhere 
Students may be used to 
to the following procedures and requirements. provide armed guards/sentries while guarding the ASA/field armory at K-306 and Camp Devil Dog only. All other armed guards shall be permanent personnel only. Students in training at MCT and ITB shall not stand guard for more than 2 hours on any given day. In addition, assignment to an érmed guard position shall NOT be used as a form of EMI. 
The armed guards/sentries shall carry either an M16A2 or M9 with security ammunition. 
.** 
The service rifle shall be in condition with a fully loaded magazine (30 rounds) inserted.· Security persofinel shall carry at least one (1) extra, fully loaded magazine. 
b. The M9 shall be in condition with a fully loaded magazine (15 rounds) inserted. Security personnel shall carry at least one (1) extra, fully loaded magazine. 
2. Armed Guards/Sentries must have qualified with the weapon within the past year, per reference (c). 
3. 
Armed sentries shall receive the deadly force brief (Appendix B) prior to being posted. Only armed sentries are required to receive the deadly force brief (Appendix B) 
A. 
An official chain of custody Equipment Custody Receipt (ECR card) shall be maintained for each and every time that a weapon and/or its associated 
Rounds shall ammunition are transferred from one guard/sentry to the next. be individually accounted for during each transfer. 
When employing students as armed guards/sentries, there shall always be a minimup of two (buddy system); only one of the two must be armed. 
5. 
6. 
Permanent personnel shall ensure that students understand the procedures fof safe handling of their weapons, as well as loading, unloading, and 
learing procedures. 
4005. LIVE FIRE SAFETY 
1. Live Fire Safety Briefs. Live fire safety briefs shall be included in that particular training evolution's MLF. Figure 4-1 depicts the minimum safety brief items for all of the live fire exercises conducted by SOI regardless of the unit or weapons system fired. Detailed live fire safety briefs for specific ranges can be found in the respective MLF. 
Uniform. Helmets, flak jackets, and hearing protection are mandatory for 
Chin straps everyone on the firing line, regardless of the heat condition. shall be properly snapped, helmets properly worn, and flak jackets with SAPI plates, closed and worn correctly at all times. 
3. 
Actions Prior to Firing (Going Hot). 
The range OIC shall: 
4-8 
Scol0 P1500.3N w/Ch 1. 
25 Aug 08 
4004. ENTRY LEVEL TRAINING ARMED GUARD/SENTRY PROCEDURES 
1. 
Students may only be used as guards/sentries while guarding either the Weapon Storage Area (WSA) or the Ammunition Storage Area (ASA) at K-306 and Camp Devil Dog. 
When employing students as guards/sentries, there shall always be a minimum of two (buddy system) assigned to the same post with one Marine being designated the "senior man" by his immediate parmanent personnal chain of command. 
Student guards/sentries may not be issued security ammunition. 
Students guarding prescribed WSA or ASA locations must be supported by armed permanent personnel in the immediate vicinity. 
Students in training at MCT and ITB shall not stand guard for more than two hours within any 24-hour period. 
d. 
Assignment to an armed guard position shall NOT be used as a form of Extra Military Instruction. 
2. 
*. 
Only SOI-E Permanent Personnel, AITB students and Marine Combat Instructor Course (MCIC) students shall carry either the Service Rifle and/or Service Pistol with security ammunition. 
a. The Service Rifle shall be in Condition Three with a loaded 28-round magazine inserted. Security personnel shall carry at least one extra 28- round magazine in a magazine pouch. 
b'. The Service Pistol shall be in Condition One with a 13-round magazine inserted. Security personnel shall carry at least one extra 13-round magazine in a magazine pouch. 
Armed Guards/Sentries must have qualified with the Service Rifle and/or Service Pistol weapon within the past fiscal year, per reference (c). 
3. 
4. 
All sentries shall receive the deadly force brief (Appendix B) prior to being posted. 
5. 
An Equipment Custody Receipt (ECR) Card NAVMC 10359 shall be generated each and every time that a weapon and/or applicable ammunition are 
Rounds shall be individually transferred from one guard/sentry to the next. counted during each transfer. 
6. 
All personnel assigned to SOI-E who carry a Service Rifle and/or Service Pistol with ammunition, shall ensure that they are familiar with the loading, unloading, and clearing procedures of their weapons per reference (c). All other students and Permanent personnel will ensure that they are familiar with their weapons. 
+ to 
Enclosure (1) 
Ch 1 
Scol0 1500.3P 
31 AUG 15 
(a) Grade III ammunition will by annotated on the turn-in log sheet (NAVMC 1138) by the ROIC. 
(b) Ammo technicians will turn in Grade III ammo in accordance with reference (s). 
(3) The ROIC and/or applicable Ammunition Tech who signed for the ammunition is responsible for signing the turn-in log sheet for any unexpended ammunition. 
(4) Turn-in of munitions during normal working hours will be requested via S-4, SOI-E. 
(5) Munitions requiring turn-in after hours will be called in to the SOI-E OOD, who will then contact the duty ammo tech. The following information must be provided to the OCD to ensure the correct number of vehicles: Types of ammo by Department of Defense Identification Code (DODIC) with their nomenclature and quantity, Unit, and Range. 
9. Removal of Ordnance. 
Unauthorized removal of ordnance items from a 
range is a violation of ammunition handling procedures. 
Students who find ammunition after completion of firing are to be instructed to give the ammunition to a Combat Instructor. Students must understand that smuggling any type of munitions with the intent of keeping it will not be tolerated, and if discovered is punishable under the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ). 
5. Sentry Procedures for Weapons & Ordnance 
Sentry Procedures 
(1) Entry-Level Students 
(a) At no time will there ever be less than two Marines assigned to a sentry post. One Marine will be designated the senior man by a CI. 
(b) Student sentries at ITBn, MCTBn, and HOBN will not be issued 
ammunition. 
(c) Students in training at MCTBn and ITBn will not stand guard for more than 2 total hours within any 24-hour period. 
practical. 
(d) Consecutive duty days for students should be avoided when 
(e) Assignment as sentry will not be used as a form of EMI. 
(2) Other Personnel. Permanent personnel as well as students assigned to AITBN and CIS, are authorized to carry the service rifle or service pistol with security ammunition. All armed sentries must receive a deadly force authorization brief prior to being posted (see Appendix B). 
6. 
(a) The service rifle will be in Condition 3. 
(b) The service pistol will be in Condition 1 
Live-Fire Safety 
4-6