ScolO P1500.3N
14 Dec 07
or personal affects) may be directed without notice by the company commander
in order to ensure no student at SOI is in unauthorized possession of
ammunition. An inspection of this kind is encouraged prior to graduation or
drop from training.
4004. ARMED GUARD/SENTRY PROCEDURES. All Marines who axe armed shall adhere
to the following procedures and requirements. Students may be used to/^
provide armed guards/sentries while guarding the ASA/field armory at/^-306
and Camp Devil Dog only’. All other armed guards shall be permanenirpersonnel
only. Students in training at MCT and ITB shall not stand guar^/for more
than 2 hours on any given day. In addition, assignment to an^rmed guard
position shall NOT be used as a form of EMI.
1. The armed guards/sentries shall carry either an Mi£fi2 or M9 with security
ammunition. /
a.- The service rifle shall be in condition/3 with a fully loaded
magazine (30 rounds) inserted. • Security perspiuiel shall carry at least one
(1) extra, fully loaded magazine.
b. The M9 shall be in condition 1/with a fully loaded magazine (15
rounds) inserted. Security personnel: shall carry at least one (1) extra,
fully loaded magazine. /
2. Armed Guards/Sentries musjr have qualified with'the weapon within the past
year, per reference (c) . /
3. Armed sentries shalx receive the deadly force brief (Appendix B) prior to
being posted. Only a/med sentries are required to receive the deadly force
brief (Appendix B)
4. An official chain of custody Equipment Custody Receipt (ECR card) shall
be maintained f0r each and every time that a weapon and/or its associated
ammunition, ar^transferred from one guard/sentry to the next. Rounds shall
be individually accounted for during each transfer.
5. When/employing students as armed guards/sentries, there shall always be a
minimun/of two (buddy system); only one of the two must be armed.
6. /Permanent personnel shall ensure that students understand the procedures
for safe handling of their weapons, as well as loading, unloading, and
clearing procedures.
4005. LIVE FIRE SAFETY
1. Live Fire Safety Briefs. Live fire safety briefs shall be included in
that particular training evolution's MLF. Figure 4-1 depicts the minimum
safety brief items for all of the live fire exercises conducted by SOI
regardless of the unit or weapons system fired.. Detailed live fire safety
briefs for specific ranges can be found in the respective MLF.
2, Uniform. Helmets, flak jackets, and hearing protection are mandatory for
everyone on the firing line, regardless of the heat condition. Chin straps
shall be properly snapped, helmets properly worn, and flak jackets with SAPI
plates, closed and worn correctly at all times.
3. Actions Prior to Firing (Going Hot). The range OIC shall:
4-8
ScolO P1500.3N w/Ch 1
25 Aug 08
4004. ENTRY LEVEL TRAINING ARMED GUARD/SENTRY PROCEDURES
1. Students may only be used as guards/sentries while guarding either the
Weapon Storage Area (WSA) or the Ammunition Storage Area (ASA) at K-306 and
Camp Devil Dog.
a. When employing students as guards/sentries, there shall always be a
minimum of two (buddy system) assigned to the same post with one Marine being
designated the "senior man" by his immediate permanent personnel chain of
command.
b. Student guards/sentries may not be issued security ammunition.
c. Students guarding prescribed WSA or ASA locations must be supported
by armed' permanent personnel in the immediate vicinity.
d. Studants in training at MCT and 1TB shall not stand guard for more
than two hours within any 24-hour period.
a. Assignment to an armed guard position shall NOT be used as a form of
Extra Military Instruction.
2. Only SOI-E Permanent Personnel, AITB students and .Marine Combat
Instructor Course (MCIC) students shall carry either the Service Rifle and/or
service Pistol with security ammunition.
a. The Service Rifle shall he in Condition Three with a loaded 28-round
magazine inserted. .Security personnel shall carry at least one extra 28-
round magazine in a magazine pouch.
b. The Service Pistol shall be in Condition One with a 13-round magazine
inserted. Security personnel shall carry at least one extra 13-round
magazine in a magazine pouch.
3. Armed Guards/Sentries must have qualified with the Service Rifle and/or
Service Pistol weapon within the past fiscal year, per reference (c) .
4. All sentries shall receive the deadly force brief (Appendix B) prior to
being posted.
5. An Equipment Custody Receipt (ECR) Card NAVMC 10359 shall be generated
each and every time that a weapon and/or applicable ammunition are
transferred from one guard/sentry to the next. Rounds shall be individually
counted during each transfer.
6. All personnel assigned to SOI-E who carry a Service Rifle and/or Service
Pistol with ammunition, shall ensure that they are familiar with the loading,
unloading, and clearing procedures of their weapons per reference (c). All
other students and Permanent personnel will ensure that they are familiar
with their weapons.
Enclosure (1)
Ch 1
c
Scold 1500.3P
31 AUG 15
(a) Grade III ammunition will by annotated on the turn-in log
sheet (NAVMC 1138) by the ROIC.
(b) Ammo technicians will turn in Grade III ammo in accordance
with reference (s).
(3) The ROIC and/or applicable Ammunition Tech who signed for the
ammunition is responsible for signing the turn-in log sheet for any
unexpended ammunition.
(4) Turn-in of munitions during normal working hours will be
requested via S-4, SOI-E.
(5) Munitions requiring turn-in after hours will be called in to the SOI-E
OOD, who will then contact the duty ammo tech. The following information must be
provided to the OOD to ensure the correct number of vehicles: Types of ammo by
Department of Defense Identification Code (DODIC) with their nomenclature and
quantity, Unit, and Range.
g. Removal of Ordnance. Unauthorized removal of ordnance items from a
range is a violation of ammunition handling procedures.
h. Students who find ammunition after completion of firing are to be
instructed to give the ammunition to a Combat Instructor. Students must
understand that smuggling any type of munitions with the intent of keeping it will
not be tolerated, and if discovered is punishable under the Uniform Code of
Military Justice (UCMJ).
5. Sentry Procedures for Weapons fc Ordnance
a. Sentry Procedures
(1) Entry-Level Students
(a) At no time will there ever be less than two Marines assigned
to a sentry post. One Marine will be designated the senior man by a Cl.
(b) Student sentries at ITBn, MCTBn, and HQBN will not be issued
ammunition.
(c) Students in training at MCTBn and ITBn will not stand guard
for more than 2 total hours within any 24-hour period.
(d) Consecutive duty days for students should be avoided when
practical.
(e) Assignment as sentry will not be used as a form of EMI.
(2) Other Personnel. Permanent personnel as well as students
assigned to AITBn and CIS, are authorized to carry the service rifle or
service pistol with security ammunition. All armed sentries must receive a
deadly force authorization brief prior to being posted (see Appendix B).
(a) The service rifle will be in Condition 3.
(b) The service pistol will be in Condition 1
6. Live-Fire Safety
4-6