Source: user-pasted transcript (Don, 2026-08-03)
Date: May 3, 2021
Description: 5th call to the FBI (mistranscribed as "MBI"/"NBI" in places) - no call ever returned

Uh, yes, ma'am. I was calling to see if the FBI had any remarks for, um, accusations of it being complicit in an ongoing scandal involving the Oxford mayor.
Okay. Uh, and what is your name?
My name's Matt Reardon.
Pardon?
My name is Matt Reardon.
Okay. And a phone number for you, Mr. Bishop.
662-812-1613. Yes, sir. I've called five times, this is the 5th time now. Left, you know, I've described the scandal to the T. I've produced unsurpassed amounts of evidence. At this point, the only explanation for the FBI not getting in touch with me, like I've been told every time, is that they are complicit in the scandal, and I'm making the direct accusation of the FBI being complicit in everything going on for the simple fact of they have neglected their own duties. They have allowed nonsense election fraud to go on. They have allowed an innocent citizen to stay framed that was part of an election stunt, and they have refused to so much as even pick up the phone and talk to me. There's no other way of looking at it than the FBI is complicit and feeding directly out of the hands of the problem.
Okay, sir. Well, I apologize that no one has called you back. I just get back-
I know it's your organization that's corrupt, though. It's not you, you've passed the message along, but corrupt individuals in your organization have seemingly propelled and allowed this problem to go on and have fed it with gasoline.
Okay, well, sir, if you have any issues with our agency, it can be reported to the attorney general's office.
Yeah, the attorney general's office is just as complicit, because I've reached out to them. For nobody to even look at the evidence that's right in front of their very eyes just says a lot of the status quo of our country and its agencies. It's absolutely sickening.
Okay, sir, I apologize, there's nothing that I can do to help you other than providing this information to someone to have them return your call. Now, at what point they do that, I have no control over that stuff.
I understand that, but all I'm saying here is that this is something that when it blows up into a bigger problem, the finger pointing is gonna be directly at the agencies that didn't do anything about it, that were begged to intervene.
Okay, sir. Um, okay. Well, let me get this message. Let me verify I have your number. 662-812-1613.
Correct.
Okay, I will pass this message along, sir.
All right, thank you.
You're welcome. Bye.
