Source: 20200930 131453-A3E9A274.m4a
Drive file id: 1G8L_sZRZWfAAMpu0pUXSsimtslUqRiq_
Batch: recroot_batch13

You have reached the Department of Justice civil rights division complaint line. Our hours of operation are 9AM to 5PM Eastern Standard Time, Monday through Friday. Your call is very important to us. Please listen to the menu options so we can route your call correctly. If you're calling after business hours or when our switchboard is busy, you may need to leave a voice mail message. If you do not speak English or Spanish, please press 9 for help getting an interpreter. The civil rights division works to uphold the civil and constitutional rights for all. For additional information about the work of the division, please visit our website, www.justice.gov/trt. If you are calling to speak with the assistant attorney general's office, please understand the assistant attorney general is not able to speak with individuals regarding their complaints or concerns. Complaints must be submitted in writing. To send us a complaint, please go to our website at justice.gov/trt. The division's mailing address is 950 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest, Washington DC 20530. The division fax number is +1 (844) 491-4945 or (202) 307-1379. Please allow the division up to ninety days to respond to a complaint. To repeat this information, press 0. If you're calling about criminal law enforcement misconduct, such as the use of excessive force, sexual assault, or theft by law enforcement officers or other government officials, human trafficking, hate crimes, or interference with access to reproductive health clinics, please press 2. If you're calling about conditions at state or local correctional facilities or repeat Thank you for calling the US Department of Justice civil rights division criminal section. If you are calling about the recent vandalism at the Jewish cemeteries in Saint Louis and Philadelphia or about the threatening telephone calls to the Jewish community centers, please listen to the following information. The Philadelphia FBI field office, the civil rights division, and the United States attorney's office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania have opened a civil rights investigation into the vandalism at the Mount Carmel Cemetery in Philadelphia. In addition, the FBI and Justice Department Civil Rights Division are investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with the threats of the Jewish community centers across the country and the Anti Defamation League. The FBI will collect all available facts and evidence and will ensure that these matters are investigated in a fair, thorough, and impartial manner. As these are ongoing investigations, we are not able to comment further at this time. In addition, we are aware of the vandalism at the Jewish Cemetery in Saint Louis and are in touch with local authorities. If in the course of the local investigation, information comes to light of potential federal civil rights violation, the FBI is prepared to investigate. If this call is an emergency, please hang up and call 911. Otherwise, listen carefully as our menu options have changed. The civil rights criminal section is responsible for enforcing federal criminal civil rights statutes including violence committed under color of law such as willful uses of excessive force or sexual assault by persons acting in their role as a police or correction officer. Human trafficking, hate crimes, and the interference with reproductive health care services. To report such violations, please contact your local Federal Bureau of Investigation office or visit their website at www.fbi.gob. If in addition to recording this violation to the FBI, you would like to submit a complaint to the criminal section. Be advised, all complaints must be in writing. To obtain further information on how to file a complaint with the criminal section. What is she doing?