Source: 20201117 160514-6477CE52.m4a
Drive file id: 1FZ4-eX5rXaU8ib-BFn_nZ_G4Ew9lyp-7
Batch: recroot_batch13

Hello. The branch court. This is Dickie. Hey, Dickie. Is, one of the ladies up front in the, in the clerk's office I can speak with? I'm trying to pull you up there. I'm going home. Okay. Callaway. This is Ashley. Hey, Ashley. I was calling I'm I'm inquiring in on on a a case that was, that's that's over now. And I'm trying to I'm trying to get some clarification, some understanding on what what transpired. I mean, I was I was I've called up here a few times. I was the victim in the case. And, Is that mister Reardon? Yeah. Okay. I could just tell by your voice. Why why didn't you come to court and ask for the copy of the stuff? Well, if you remember, that following day or whatever, I think it was the the next day after I spoke with you, I'd I had told you I'd I've got vehicle issues, and I've got definitely financial issues right now because of all the false accusations and just the mess that that had been stirred up and started by my by my ex. And, I I just wasn't in a position to come up there to Olive Branch the next day. Okay. I mean, can you come? Could you come this Thursday? I could. Well, yeah. I mean, I I should be able to. Yeah. I mean, if I if I were you, just because the judge has said he was wanting to talk to you about everything, so I would come back Thursday. You can come at nine or two. Okay. I mean, I I have a, I mean, I have a pretty good idea what's you know, because her attorney actually just sent me a email last night that, she had explained to, judge Shumate that, the chancery matter in in Oxford and about, you know, in the best interest of the child. But what the judge clearly didn't understand in this matter was that I've been the only one that's been civil since day one. I have suffered directly at the hands of this of this girl putting false accusations against me that have been proven unsubstantiated. She has been enabled fully and she has kept my child from me since January. It's her that's refusing to co parent. And so all this did was this further enabled her and created a larger problem if she was let go and not charged. It's it's, you know, it's it's ultimately culpable negligence especially if she strikes again because I've been completely victimized by her and I have not even seen my child since January. So they flat out lied to the judge especially if he just let her go. It's a very serious charge and and I was completely victimized and I still am. I still can't even see my daughter. Okay. I may not there's there's there's nothing that I can honestly really say. Mister Crickenden. It's shocking. I mean, it's but it the state of Mississippi and and the courts have created a monster in her that, you know, she's gonna continue to strike. She she feels ten foot tall and bulletproof. And, you know, meanwhile, I'm the one to truly suffer here and I can't get justice at the hands of the system that's supposed to administer it. You know? And, I mean, if the judge got falsely accused of rape, I'm pretty sure he would understand my my standpoint. Especially, if his daughter was immorally kept from him. So yeah. I guess I would like to address the judge because the judge clearly needs to be addressed. Okay. Then you'll have to come Thursday at either nine or two. At nine or what? You said nine or what? Or two. Two? Nine or two on Thursday. Okay. I couldn't understand if you said ten or two. Two. Like, two in the afternoon. I got you. Okay. Alright, Ashley. I'll, do I have to give you a set, or or can I just just play it by ear when Thursday gets here? Okay. Okay? Alright. Alright. Thanks. Okay. Bye.