Source: 20200122-135956_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1188714075036(1).mp3
Drive file id: 1z8_ZXds5ZqwDZjX6JGQclK_yrCJi-TxD
Batch: recroot_batch13

Hello? Hey. Hey. Is there any way you can maybe meet up with me now? We are coming through South Haven packed down. And by the time we get to Tupelo, it's gonna be 03:30, which means that I would have to immediately turn around and go to Pontotoc. Okay. And I I wish I had I wish we left a little bit earlier because there's still a few, you know, a few gifts, Christmas gifts for Lydia and Emmy that I would have loved for them to open. But, I mean, it's I guess, we can do that next time. Just thinking from a sense sensible standpoint, I don't think it would make I don't think it would make much sense if I need to meet up with you at 04:00 to it's an hour and a half from where I'm at right now to the house. How's Lydia been doing? Annoying the shit out of me. Being a five year old. Well, I mean, like, how has she been feeling? Like, is you know, she been, you know, like, lethargic or feeling sick? Or No. I think she's she's she's good. It was just a a temporary bug. You feel better today. Right, Lydia? Lydia, you feel better today. Right? Hey. Answer me. Do you feel better today? The concentration of a five year old is Hell, yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. And if, if she, she's she's, completely she's been completely addicted to the, McKenna Rose, dedication videos on YouTube. So if she asked about that and wants to hear, you type in McKenna Rose with a hyphen. Okay. Did you all meet me in Holly Springs? Hello? Honestly, I'd like to give it hey. Can you hear me? Yeah. I mean, if, you know, if there's stuff that the girls are wanting to do and, you know, I would really prefer that Lydia have just Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Damn. I gotta get we're getting rid of this front. We're in the fourteen day window. Alright. What'd you say? I said if you wanted to keep her one more night, you know, I think that would be better. That way, we can at least give her one more day where we know for sure that she's not gonna, you know, send a bug or whatever. Okay. I mean, if they gotten sick Amy Amy hadn't gotten sick yet, but she's the one that she'll usually carry a bug for probably two weeks before she starts before she really gets sick. And then all of a sudden, everybody's everybody's good, and then she brings it right back. Yeah. But, you know, at the same time, Anna Claire was sick too. So, I mean, it it it's just, you know, that stuff, Matt, that stuff rebounds back and forth. And Just a minute. I'm driving right now. Hold on. You want me to shift? You better sit back there and play the play again. Hello? Hey. Hi. Yeah. So, I mean, me personally, I would like to give it one more day before I send her back to school. Alright. That's fine. Yeah. Because, you know, this is a rough season. You know, because we've had a relatively warm winter, and we're just now getting somewhat cold temperatures. So, hopefully, you know, hopefully, you know, the colder stuff will kinda, you know, kill some stuff off, you know, viruses and whatnot. Yeah. So let's let's give it one more night. And that way, the girls can, you know, open their Christmas presents and whatnot. They can do all that with y'all and, you know, get to catch up on stuff. So, I mean Yeah. We hadn't been out we hadn't been home in a month. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's, you know, that's fine. That'll that'll free me up. That way, if I'm there's anything I need to take care of after my conference this evening, I can get that done. Okay. So I've got some stuff to take care of for work. Alright. Let me, let me call Maddie behind us and and let her know. I was gonna tell you, Lafayette County is offering, free tuition for parents who have children in pre k. Uh-huh. I'm actually going back to recertify my EMT license stuff. And that's my direct employment through Baptist and all that stuff. And so whenever my and Dustin's divorce is final, I'll be in a position to where I can provide, you know, good insurance for Lydia. Yeah. Because we're we're we're not gonna qualify for Medicaid or anything like that for at least the other insurance because the trust fund tax status goes back to Alright. So the the first meeting of, you know, the free tuition and all this stuff and everything with Lafayette County, that's the conference that I have to go to this evening. Yeah. Let me get everything set up. Alright. Hello. Anywho. Alright. Hello, Lydia. Yeah? You gonna stay another night? You gonna Alright. Well, can't you hear me? Alright. Well, let me go. Alright. Well, give this my love and let her know I miss her. I see feeling a little better, though. Oh, yeah. Alright. Good deal. Alright. We'll drive safe and, call Maddie and whatnot and, you know, we'll, you know, just touch base. Alright. Sounds good. Alrighty. Alright. Alright. Thanks. Bye.