Source: 20190403 145427-084065E2.m4a
Drive file id: 167Moz5DlCKcvIKEwnc3yEWPnz1oRjSwa
Batch: recroot_batch13

How do you you don't make do you make purchases at all for anything? Or you hadn't? Okay. Okay. Let's see here. Yeah. Let me try let me try to pull you there and on iPhone. And so when I do that let's see what comes up. Looks like there no. Or maybe it is at icloud. Do you think it's it's the one at Yahoo or do you you think it could be at icloud.com? That's what it is, it looks like. Maybe not. Maybe not. No. I don't know. I don't know either, apparently, because I don't see I can't find you. Let's see. Okay. What we can do is okay. Mhmm. Okay. Do you have a fault? Is your fault on this Apple or an Apple device, or or is it Apple ID. Okay. Just what does it say? Does it have your name at the top? Okay, what does it say right below that? Does it give you an Email address right there? Okay. So, it does say That's weird. Okay. If you click on, click on, let's see, iTunes and App Store. I just wanna see one thing. Okay. So then do you say at the top what do you say at the top? Do you see where it says Apple ID and then does it have that same email address? So what we need to figure out is the code. It's saying you're not something's not right. The Apple ID is is supposed to be set up in iCloud under settings or this phone is associated with a message. That's weird. Yeah. Okay. Let me see. Yes. Could it be, AnitaFoxAnitaFox@Yahoo.com? That's it. There we go. Okay. So do you see anything popping up on your phone or a screen share? Okay. So that's me trying to connect to you. I was gonna connect to you and see if we can get that password fixed for you. If you wanna hit it set up, Let's see. There it goes again. Alright. So it is a recorded line for quality purposes. And anytime that you need to, delete or get something off the screen, we can pause it or put in passwords or anything. Here we go. See? You see my yeah. Okay. There we go. Alright. So now if you go to settings, let's see if we can get your printers and then hit right here. Alright. And then so if you don't remember your password to, like, log in to anything, this is where you change that at right here. So if you wanna change your password, you can do that, if that's what you're having issues with as well. But as far as the, now Wi Fi so if you show me what you were doing I know you're talking about personal hotspot is what you're using or hotspot. So if you back out of this, are you going to, like, to connect to, Wi Fi or to connect to the Internet outside of your home? What exactly are you doing? Like, show me on your phone. Okay. So you go to if you click Apple ID, and we're gonna go back. Well, right here. Right here. So we can go back. I was gonna show you the, get you to show me the where you were going to. So you're going to, like, your let's go at settings. When you connect to it, how are you doing it? Wi Fi and then or personal hotspot. That's the one? Okay. Okay. So that's I've never I guess I didn't realize you could still do that. I figured you were sharing it out to people instead of versus with yourselves. I gotcha. Okay. So let me go back here. Now do you need to change your password while we're on the phone to this email address? Okay. Alrighty. Okay. So let's see. I'm connecting back to you. Alrighty. So what we're gonna do is go ahead and go back to settings, And settings are here. Finish setting up your iPhone. Click right there and see what it says. It doesn't make you put in your password. Is that why this thing is popping up? Oh, Now would I go to the name right here? Alright. So I'm gonna go ahead and pause this. And what you're gonna do is just pick out a new password and enter the enter it twice. Uh-uh. That's that's how you do it. You won't ever take this stuff seriously when I need to. What? You won't ever take this stuff seriously when I need you to when you need to. Alright. Did you get it changed? Okay. Okay. No worries. No. If that yeah. If that's the way you use well, you're gonna have to put in the password anyway. Well, no. I wouldn't. If you don't think anybody is, you know, has access to it or you haven't noticed anything unusual, I would. Do what now? Yeah. Mhmm. Yeah. So it'll, yeah, it'll prompt you to put in your password when you, get back on your computer or do something on your device that has, you know, that hasn't been changed. So, basically, since you just changed it on your phone, all your other devices are probably gonna pop up a notification saying that you need to put in your password. So if you want oh, go ahead. Yeah. I wouldn't unless you think that someone else could have access to your stuff. That would be the only reason you would need to.