Source: 20200123-144130_null_+16628327841_Incoming_Auto_1189461010036(1).mp3
Drive file id: 1DZpQOxoJ-UKZWndqpQbqCcMKKPeO4IMT
Batch: recroot_batch13

This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Hello? Hey. Hey. I was about to call you. I'd I had to I I had to go up to the courthouse to go handle something. There's a pay agreement and something, but, yeah, I was about to call you. I was I was Okay. Tied up. Yeah. I just I didn't know if, you know, like, something was wrong or, you know, if your signal was, you know, backing up or something. Yeah. But, anyways, there have been particular time that you had in mind. Well, we're supposed to, bring the baby home this weekend. So we're gonna have, Maddie's grandmother was gonna come out tonight, and we're gonna hopefully meet up with her dad, Maddie's stepdad to, get her grandmother and bring her to our house. So if that's the case, if we're meeting, then I need to she needs to reach out and see if that's if if they can do that. And then, you know, if you could meet me, I think that it'd probably be around 05:30 ish, you know, that we would probably meet in Pontotoc. Yeah. I mean, if you know, if they can well, how would we do that? Would would you be coming through here or what? No. Like, we're in Tupelo. Okay. I'm trying to figure out, you know We came back to Tupelo yesterday just because yeah. You knew that. Yeah. And so now we'd be I'd I'd be going to, to Pontotoc. Now if, if not, then I'll be I'll be driving to Oxford anyways. Like, if her stepdad can't meet with the grandmother. So it's gonna be, like, either Pontotoc or you'll meet me here in Oxford, like, around 05:30. Yeah. Okay. Alrighty. Okay. No problem. I'm just trying to get everything set up from tomorrow's schedule and everything. Alrighty. Hello? Just keep me posted on, you know, what you're gonna be doing and all that. Okay. Maybe. Alright. Sounds good. Well, I'll, I'll let you know something probably I'll let I should know something in just a couple of hours. Okay. So the baby's still in a lot better, hopefully. I mean, is that the case? Yeah. I mean, we just gotta do a, twenty four hour we just gotta we just gotta do a twenty four hour stay with her. Yeah. Make sure everything goes fine. So we gotta go up there tomorrow, probably yeah. Tomorrow and, stay twenty four hours at the hospital. Alright. Good. Well, there have been a lot of people praying for that baby match. Yes. Well, you know that. No. There's been a been a ton of people on our end. Working on wrapping up a documentary called My Nicky Journey. Oh my gosh. Three babies. Three Nicki three Nicki champions. Well, Matt, your wife only gets delayed claim to two of those. Let's make that a bunch of you too. I know that. Hey. I'm outside of a place. I gotta go in. I need to talk to these people, and then I need to get back to the house. Okay. Okay? Alright. Alright. Bye. Alright. Bye.