Source: 20190310 113513-CB36087B.m4a
Drive file id: 1My1k_vCxYzfkQxdpAcUYKoHUF7L4z_dD
Batch: recroot_batch13

I'll and I could always leave straight out from Yeah. I'm sure I'll make an elephant. Okay. You do my right back. You do. You do my right back? Mhmm. You do my right back? Mhmm. Now I'm just gonna call ceasefire and say, hold on a minute. Y'all unlocked it right back then. Damn it. Oh, where's my old timer? Because I might have the where's my because I might have the freaking conversation. The was inspired within my mom. Did the screen show? No. I don't know. But I know that I usually don't believe my suit. Oh, shit. It's a cut of itself. I was using the the Verizon phone. I was using a Verizon SIP card in this car in this phone because I was getting the text messages from Verizon. Really? Yeah. This is what? No. This is back whenever I first did it. Oh. I mean, how would I receive Verizon's message? Verizon's message. You know? I need to find out where the The Convergence is basically taking one set of money owed to cover a totally different set of money owed. I mean, that's That is not even That is your profit. It's it's highly leveraged. It's a highly legal business, Bryce. It's conversion funds, you know, basically. It's just both kind of robbing you. Yeah. Because I already paid for it for more products. Yeah. Hello, Matt. Yes. I partner with our supervisor and account specialist, but we cannot customize emails. But right now, we're doing our best to check other options. Okay? Okay. Yeah. Please stay on the line. Give me another minute. I'll get back to you tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you, Maddie. Thank you, Matt. Thanks. I better come up with some options. I'm just kinda getting stories right now. Meanwhile, my money is not being spent. It's not it's not going to good use. Oh, one more kid. Mhmm. Hello, Maddie? Can you please provide me the the correct spelling of your previous provider? C spire. So c s p I r e. Wireless. C s e I r e. C s p I r e. Yes. They're a little boy carrier. This go ahead and use phonetics. Hold on. C for Charlie, s for Sam. Is it e for Edward? No. P, p ForPeter. And e e like elephant? I For India, r for Romeo, e ForEdward. Elephant. Yes. Thank you. Hold on just a minute. Okay. Yeah. You need a pussy. You heard when Adrian inside the e I was like, how fucking told yourself this is actually doing safe. Yeah. It's just me off every time. Yeah. And everybody knows why. And my reasons for not liking that. That everybody knows why you don't like it because you talk too much shit. Oh. Because you have to blow out to the world, make yourself above the wall. Make yourself look like the poor victim. Oh, madly cheated on me. Everybody has something sympathy for me. Why, baby? I don't know why. You don't know why? Just because you feel like that's what needs to be that's what needs to be done. Oh, yeah. Change your subject. That's good. Good one. Good one. Yeah. Yeah. We weren't talking about anything important, were we? I'm doing this. We weren't talking about anything, but what are you gonna do, You gonna dominate? You gonna dominate? That looks like a freaking nasty, nasty nastiness. It looks like a freaking it it looks like a plague. The plague has touched your fucking hand, and I don't ever wanna touch it again. Look at it. Look at it. This is so nasty. It's staring at me. It doesn't look very good. I'm sorry. The uncle store is not available right now. Holy shit. Holy shit. You're always available. It's a part of finishing initial setup. Glad you could find yours yours. You know? Yeah. I'm glad you could. Yeah. What? Did y'all call ceasefire and fucking run their asses for fucking holding people's devices hostage? I hope so. Yeah. Right. Because I'm pissed about that. I mean, I think what we need to do is call C Spire. You should have already been on the phone with them. The fuck is that? What is this? Hold on. Motherfucker. That shit was stolen. What do you say? Stolen. Did you fucking get me? I wanna be I wanna be like, hey. Did ceasefire tell you it was lost or stolen, or did y'all just take it on yourselves to call it lost? Because because ceasefire reported it as, because out of balance. Thanks for waiting patiently, Maggie. Yeah. I I did yeah. We did all of this to, check if we can provide you email, send email. But however, on we have only limited, limited use to to be to send our customer's email, and that's not something that we can customize as well. Normally, we do, sending SMS for just test test to to check if the resolution for troubleshooting is actually done properly. I don't have service at all. So What? I mean, she doesn't have service at all. It's just so damn frustrating. Okay. Do what? I'm sorry. Go ahead. Miss Matt? Yes. And and, I mean, it's just it's it's it's conflicting stories, though. It was the rep last night wanted to say that it was Verizon that, you know, that was holding it up. And now y'all are you're saying that it's C Spire. I mean, it's like that's that's why I want something in writing. I mean, my wife works for Apple right here doing customer service, and they have no problem sending an email. I don't I I don't know why Verizon, as big of a company as they are, can't just send a simple email just to go ahead and throw the ball on on C Spire if that's truly the case. I mean, I just wanna know I mean, when I when I keep getting different stories, I wanna know what what the case really is. I know. I know. That's actually the real, score, Matt. As much as we want we would like to send you email, customized email to to ensure that you will have, like, a back up. We only have limited access in our email. That's the reason why we can't even send our customers, a message through email. We're just doing, like, sending SMS only for texting if we wanna check the the if the service is actually working or if the the customer is actually activating phones. But here's what I'm gonna do. I'll go ahead and connect you over with CeaseFire. That's the only that's the thing that I can do. Or if you have, like, other, device that's working, if you want temporarily, I can go ahead and activate it to Maddie's number. I mean, all of this over with the The only device we have is this iPhone XR that she's talking to you on, and that's on a device payment plan with C Spire. And, you know, it's just I mean, if I I feel like C Spire just wants a cake and and wants to eat it too. I just, you know, I don't I just don't get it. I just don't get it. Yeah. We were gonna contact we were gonna contact, C Spire to find out about that as well. So I'm gonna contact a lot more than C Spire because this Convergence is supplying one one set of monies owed to to another. It's a very highly deceptive business practice. And Okay. So, you're able to con to transfer us to C Spire or I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be I'm not trying to be angry at you. I'm just very frustrated right now. And so I'm frustrated at ceasefire, and I'm frustrated at Verizon. And if it's ceasefire that's truly being the hold up here, then by all means, I'm I'm the most frustrated with them. But it's just very frustrating. I mean, I I I just paid for these two lines, and and I'm getting, you know, just conflicting stories. So I know. I understand that if I will be on the same situation, I might be or I might react worse than that. But this is the reason why, as much as possible, I wanna make sure sure that I can cover it. But I can only do so much because of the tagging that they actually have on their system. That's why we can't activate it. But I'll go ahead and dial the fee fire toll free number now so I can connect you over both. Okay? Stay on the line, please. Alright. Transferring to C Spire.