Source: 20200819 084233-F8C99472.m4a
Drive file id: 1wHI1qvgOzKDTvAu8K-YFWVsQONSaZjfz
Batch: recroot_batch13

Thank you for Thank you for calling AT and T UAV tech support. My name is. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with? This is Matt Reardon. How are you doing today, Matt? Well, I'm not doing too well. I'd you know, my Internet has been out for two days now, and, all my work is from home. And it's it's it's a problem with the the filter box. And the the lady I spoke with yesterday, the rep that I spoke with yesterday, told me that somebody would come out. She originally said that there was a Saturday appointment, and I said I really need it, you know, before then because I'm extremely inconvenienced. And she was able to get the appointment for yesterday from twelve to one. No rep showed up. No call. Nothing. And I gotta say, it does not surprise me in the in the smallest bit. The one thing that I was actually terrified of happening because of it being the timing, okay, my in laws we were staying at my in laws for for a little bit, you know, and transitioned to another house, and, they had three megabit per second Internet with y'all. They had DIRECTV for over five years. I called up there. I got them bumped up to 75, which is the highest for where they're at, and, their bill cut down to $40 a month instead of paying over 50. They would not send me the equipment. They said the equipment needed to be upgraded. They would not send it to me, which I'm I'm tech savvy. They insisted on a technician coming out, which they scheduled that appointment three weeks out. So a lot of good it did me for work. And even worse, AT and T no showed that appointment after three weeks, then it was set back up again. They no showed that appointment. And then, finally, third time around, guy shows up and said he had to he had to leave to get something to, you know, work on the outside and never came back, apparently, because they're still getting two megabits per second down. So, I mean, I'm having a horrible, horrible, horrible experience with AT and T. Now it's seriously costing me. I'm having to use all my cell phone data and hot spot data, which I shouldn't have to do. That should be the should be bearing that cost. In fact, I'd I have a phone line with AT and T. I'd sure love if, y'all would just open me up to unlimited hot spot until this issue got resolved because I guarantee it would get fixed a lot faster if I was burning through hot spot data. Mhmm. So I'm not allowed to There was an appointment you're supposed to have yesterday and nobody came over. That's the main issue. Right? That's for now. Well, yeah. Because I don't have Internet. That's a pretty significant issue. I pay for Internet and I have no Internet. It is. It is. Can you kindly help me with your four digit passcode? 1987. And the issue with your in laws is how I couldn't they send you just the equipment as as easy option also for the AT and T? Yeah. Well, the assholes wouldn't wouldn't send anything in the mail. They insisted on somebody coming out, and now they still have the same shitty service that they had before. I think I think AT and T's biggest problem is the same biggest problem that Comcast has. I think I think they've gotten too big for their britches to where they don't care about the average one customer or a couple customers or a few customers. They're just looking at millions. Someone's asking me Yeah, man. I will I don't know, like, if did did you try and call the technical support for you, I mean, for your in laws issue? No. Look. I mean, here's here's the thing, man. I mean, I I didn't wanna call this morning. I've got so much work to do. I pay y'all for a service. I don't have time to sit around waiting on hold on the phone when I pay y'all for the service. That's that's y'all's job to fix. I shouldn't have to wait and be inconvenienced this long when that's the reason I pay for it. If I can't get it fixed today, then I'm gonna turn it off, and I'm gonna go to Mac South and get them to come over here and do the job that AT and T couldn't. Okay. But then but, on your account now, the only, the only appointment I'm seeing is for the Saturday for Saturday, which is on the twenty second. That's what's on your account. That's bullshit. If there's any That's bullshit. Month. I was saying that's bullshit because she said that if they go back and listen to the call, they'll see exactly what I'm talking about. She said that, and I said, well, that's I mean, I need Internet before then. I I'm burning through a lot of hot spot data. I've already had to buy two add ons of hot spot data from AT and T. This is y'all's Internet issue. So why am I paying y'all extra for hot spot data? I'm not going without Internet due to AT and T's fault. They should be giving me. I'm telling you, if y'all would give me free hot spot data for as long as it took for somebody to come out here and fix the broadband, I guarantee you somebody would be out here today to to fix that broadband so that y'all aren't shucking out hot spot data. But, unfortunately, we're now in a situation where I mean, that's really what it's gonna take from AT and T at this point. I can't wait till Saturday and and steadily be buying more hot spot passes. I've gotta work, so I'm expecting AT and T to comp me hot spot data in the meantime if they're gonna make me wait until Saturday. Well, I mean, I'll have to do that, but from the technical support of you as Internet, there's nothing much we can do about it. Well, somebody there at AT and T somebody there at AT and T can. Because, see, AT and T, as big as it is and as many products as y'all have, you know, at some point, it connects at the top in a little thing that we call a triangle, a pyramid. Alright? And somebody along the the lines of AT and T can approve getting me hot spot data if they're gonna make me wait until Saturday to get my broadband fixed. This is just I've never seen Well, Matt, what I've tried to do, I will try to get you an early appointment. Because with with, sincerely speaking, from my point of view and from my work status. But I can try my best and try to push it so that you get an early appointment. I can expedite if you give me a few minutes. Okay? Alright. Matt, will you be home tomorrow? The best I can get for you is tomorrow between ten and 12PM. Yeah. I guess I can I can do that? Yeah. I mean, right now, my biggest priority right now, my biggest priority is getting somebody out here. Okay. So between 10AM and 12PM tomorrow will work for you? Yeah. That that'll work. I guess I could probably manage off of about 10, maybe 10 gigabytes of data from now till then. Is there somebody is there somebody on the mobile side? I mean, because I've been out for two days already. Is there somebody maybe on the mobile side that can maybe give me about ten gigs of data? Well, I don't know how they function, but I can transfer you over to them, and I don't know if they'll be able to help you. Because they also deal only with cell phone services. So it's You're dealing with the outages on the cell phone side as well? Sorry? You're dealing with outages on the cell phone side as well? No. I'm not dealing with it. So I don't know how their policies function. I just know that the policies which, provided as in my job are this that I there's nothing I can do with the with the hotspot. Gotcha. Well, like I said, I know for a fact that AT and T wouldn't be missing technician calls and installation calls if if the customer was getting free hotspot data, you know, in the meantime until their broadband Internet got fixed. I understand you. What cell would be a good number to call you on tomorrow if the technician counts over? (662) 812-1613. Thank you. Do you have any special gift accessories quote or, like No. Okay. But I'm but I'm serious. If AT and T burns me again on this appointment, it's not gonna be good. Well, I don't think they'll burn you. So I hope that everything will be sold for you, sir. Alright. Well, see, she even I mean I mean, the crazy thing is here's here's the craziest part. Is the woman I was talking to yesterday morning, she even she said, hold on. Let me let me check with the, with the technician side just to make sure that your appointment is confirmed for today, you know, from twelve to one. That way, you don't run into any issues. And I thought, well, great. You know, she's taking that extra step. What do you know? Nobody shows up, and y'all have it in there Saturday. So, I mean, I'm it's like, whoo. There's no even case that you called yes there's a case you called yesterday at 03:24PM, like, saying you you you have Internet issue. But there's no case which here on your account showing that you called and there was somebody who said there's a tech appointment change for you. Well, that's that's imposs that's impossible. That's impossible. In fact, I think I I think I even have a recorded call myself on my end of it because I called yesterday morning, first thing in the morning. I spoke with somebody yesterday morning who then set that I mean, that was the it wasn't three or something in the afternoon. It was first thing in the morning because she booked it for between twelve to one yesterday. And if I didn't call yesterday, y'all wouldn't even have an appointment in the in the schedule for Saturday. Yeah. I understand you. I get you much, but I'm just telling you what I see now in in the interactions you here on on on your account, which I opened up and, which allowed me also that I tried to get to an early appointment. Y'all CRM must suck as far as being able to log a case and and customer file. That's all I can think. They what you have is, like, you have yesterday the 02:55PM. You have a 03:12PM. You have a 03:24PM. The only Today, you have a 03:26PM. The only way it was three something PM is if you guys are on the other side of the world and not in The United States. That is because we use you usually use your time. You just said you just said I called it you just said I called today at three something PM. Okay? It's 08:38 in the morning. So, clearly, I called yesterday around the same time. I mean, I don't know if maybe the little the little straight bar ticker on the eight, you know, like on the old timey things with an eight light, how sometimes that that bar will be out on the left side making it look like a three. I don't know. But Yeah. And the only details which is here is, like, the same text for I don't know. Today, twelve to four. Yeah. And Saturday. Wait. So you have something in there for today? No. I like I mean, like, what's what I have here is, like, she said, met, no Internet. Oint is not working. Red alarm phone is not working. No Internet. Oint is POL light is not on. Sentatec for Saturday between twelve and four. That's crazy. My wife was sitting right there whenever she went back and said, that she got an appointment for twelve to one, same day. She put in for it to be rushed because originally, she had Saturday, and she put in for a rush, And she had twelve to one yesterday. Yeah. Maybe the dispatch center didn't pick it up, then that's the problem. Horrible. Horrible. I know I know how you're feeling. I really understand you. You're frustrated. I wouldn't be as frustrated if AT I wouldn't be as frustrated if AT and T hadn't burned me three times before. Makes me wanna burn them. Yeah. I mean, you're paying for a service, and you need to enjoy it. So I really know how how it is. Yeah. Then I'm just trying I'm just trying to help you do what best I can also. My hands are tired in most of the cases. I understand. Make sure that appointment gets in for tomorrow. I need my Internet. Mhmm. I'm bound to make very rash decisions when it comes to executive decisions and and finances. So if they don't show up tomorrow, I'm bound to get rid of the equipment and have Max South on their way out. In fact, it probably will be what happens if they don't show up tomorrow. Okay, mate. It's ready and between tomorrow between 10AM and 12PM. Okay? Okay. Okay then. Is there anything else I can do for you, mate? No. That'll be it. Alrighty then. Thank you for your time. Thank you for your understanding. My apologies for having all these problems. On behalf of AT and T, my name is Paul, and I would like to wish you one the rest of the day. Alright. Thank you. Okay. Bye bye bye. Goodbye.