Source: 20200125-155800_101_(662)236-0212_Outgoing_Auto_1190453457036.mp3
Drive file id: 16DATIo7frVhcVdvlIra1QmKUy1qyBR4F
Batch: recroot_batch13

Hello? Hi. This is Joe. Hey, Joe. And Joe who? Quarrel. Oh, hey. Hey, Joe. I got a call yesterday from Al, I guess it was Yes, sir. Up there. And, this is this is Matt Reardon. Hey, Matt. Who are you trying to get in touch with? You know what officer it was? Well, I was just trying to find out more about the Phyllis Crowder mess. Phyllis Crowder mess. Yeah. I told her to see. So she, for the third time, for three years in a row now around the same time, she's levied a false a horrible false accusation against me. Last year, it was, a fake rape charge up in Olive Branch. They dismissed it, and they actually act put out a warrant for her arrest, for for making a a false allegation. And then yesterday, it was, she supported my wife and I, we have a baby that's in the water. Yes, sir. And it was just some of the most ridiculous things. And, and honestly I've gotten a slew of, you know, every single text message and every, every call is recorded. And I was turning that over to CPS to both of us, probably the, Mississippi Bureau of investigations, But or who whatever it is. Ma'am. One second. I'm re I'm reading the report now from over the night. Okay. Okay. I just finished reading it. Yeah. I mean, this is this is the time that that my family is going through the the worst the worst as far as stress. We've been at Le Bonheur since the beginning of this month. Haven't even been home. Got my daughter for the weekend and, you know, we had a we had a great time. And, you know, she just two years ago, she actually had the audacity to say that I inappropriately touched my daughter. That was immediately seen through and, tossed out by child protective services. They they saw right through that. I would you know, anybody that knows me knows that I am that is the the furthest from the type of person that I am. So she's got a warrant for her arrest right now. Three times, three strikes, you're out. I'm sick and tired of this garbage happening. Who has a warrant on that? Guys can do? Liz does. Phyllis Crowder. But who, like, who has the warrant for her? Like, Lafayette County, Circuit Court? Branch. Yeah. Olive branch had it. Yes. Okay. And that's for for filing a false, false rape charge. They she she wasted, their resources in a frivolous investigation. She waited till five days after she came to my house to come back, to Olive Branch. I actually have a recording of her admitting that she did this and that her husband was a coconspirator in the plan. Yes, sir. And that everything got foiled. But, they they cut a warrant for her arrest and nobody's I mean, she's never been picked up on it, but yet she's, you know and I'm not the type of person just go and and try to, you know, freaking hem somebody up like that. But, you know, enough is enough. You know? When when I'm minding my own business, just got a kid in the hospital and for three years in a row straight, she's thrown a false accusation at me trying to ruin me, trying to to get my kid out of my life. You know, I've gotta put my foot down. Yes, sir. Well, I tell you what, Matt. What I'm gonna do is I'm a call off branch and see if they actually have a warrant for her. And if they do, we'll and are willing to extradite, we'll go pick her up on it. Okay? That's the best I can do for you on that. Okay? Can you let can you let me know? Because, I'm worried about my five year old. I wanna figure out plans to get her if that were to happen. Okay. I just you know, her dad is mentally unstable. And then her husband, she they're going through a divorce. And, you know, honestly, my my daughter has complained about him, spanking her with a belt. And and, you know, I I've never reported that because I think that, you know, a five year old is very easy to to joke about things and, you know, she's she said things and then turned around and laughed about me, about her mom. You know, just it's it's it's hard to it's hard to know how credible a five year old is. Yes, sir. You know, but leave the the Bishop family alone. But, yeah, if you could, if you could let me know. Alright. I'll call you back. I'm a call over there and find out, and I'll give you a callback, Matt. Okay? Is your number the one that's in the system we have? Yes. It's 662495. 662. What's the rest of it? It's not in the it's 495-0088. Alright. Well, I'll give you a call here shortly after I find out. And and just so you know, detective Holiday was the one that was that was over everything. You know, I believe she cut it under Liz Crowder, and then I called and I told her that she had just gotten married, and her name had changed to Kester. Dustin Kester is her husband. I don't know if she changed the last name, but now she's back to Crowder again. So Okay. So check under Liz Crowder and Liz Kester? Kester. And, actually, her her first name is Phyllis. Phyllis. Y l l I s, but she goes by Liz. Okay. Well, I'm gonna check on that, Matt, and I'll give you a callback after that. Okay? Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Bye bye. Alright. Bye bye.