Source: 6a4a70ecc5f24f1c9d323fb7a6917f6f.m4a
Drive file id: 1K09tfLq4-mYDilrKpifFjLcAZVmcDEXd
Batch: recroot_batch13

Bay County. Hey. Is Lisa there? She is in she's busy right now. Give me one second. May I ask who's calling? It's Matt Reardon. Hey. Give me one second. This is Lisa. Hey, Lisa. It's Matt Reardon. Hi. How are you? I'm alright. I made a big mistake in thinking tonight was the county board meeting. Oh, I didn't okay. So Mhmm. Yeah. I I realized last night, I thought it was, like, every two weeks, and, I thought it Yeah. We we got a extra week in here. We're kinda glad. Well, I'm not because next next Monday is happens to be the day that the statute of limitations runs out. And I was hoping after sheriff East decided to say, ask the ask the county as to why they're not complying on the, the records request. I wanted to address the board, you know, before before my time ran out. But, apparently, I'm just gonna have to file my my stuff and and, just take care of it that way. But I wanted to see if, even still, I still want a response from the county, for that. So I wanted to see if you could put me on the agenda to address the board of supervisors and their attorney on Monday. Okay. Well, the only way you can be placed on a county board of supervisors agenda is if a supervisor places you there. How convenient. Yeah. It's different than the like, some of the other open meeting. It's a open meeting, but it's a business meeting for them to conduct that's open to the public. So you can't just randomly take public comment. So you're welcome to contact whoever your supervisor is. I'll contact all of them and try to figure out what's what's Yeah. I mean, I just met your whoever your supervisor was would probably be more likely to put you on the agenda as well. I recommended that. Sure. Well, I mean, I just think it's such a major issue that they've gotten, you know, multiple times that's that information has been asked. And and, you know, the they're wanting to clearly protect who was on that call on the twenty fourth, with everything. And, you know, it's it's it's a shame that an innocent man is framed on a crime he didn't commit, and the sheriff's department won't even comply to, you you know, produce the information that they admitted on a public records request. I'm not familiar with any of the details of what you're talking about, so I apologize. But, but, yeah, I think the best if you if you wanna address the board, you know, the best thing we do would be to contact a a your supervisor. Okay. Is there is there any chance that an emergency board meeting can be called before the scheduled date? No. You have to have certain reasons to call an emergency meeting. I mean, otherwise otherwise, it's gonna wind up in board of supervisors being named as defendants in a federal lawsuit is where is kinda where I'm at because I've got a file, in the Northern District prior to Monday, and I've got to file a state case prior to Monday as well. And with the sheriff saying, you know, to ask the county that ultimately that that draws them into to a suit, you know, to to as far as answers. Mhmm. So Well, I'm not allowed to speak with you if you're threatening a lawsuit. You have to get your attorney contact already. Well, I am I am my attorney, and I'm not threatening a lawsuit. I'm just doing what I have to do to overturn my my wrongful conviction. It's not me threatening. I'm not coming out, like, shooting from the hip. I have to do this in order to get my rights back, you know, because thing information is being obstructed that that the county has to comply on. Well, then if you're acting as your own attorney, this thing would probably be for you to contact the county attorney. I tried to, and I can't get him to answer. So I don't know. It's it's a mess. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, I appreciate it. I'll I'll just try to speak to some of the supervisors, see if I can get it, you know, anything, any kinda answer. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.