Source: 20200819 210649-3886B614.m4a
Drive file id: 1ZVnQ6QuAUCXUm5soufCZm6CUgIFJpeWl
Batch: recroot_batch13

Yes. Miss Chambers. Hello? Hello? Hey. Is this, miss Sue? Yes. It is. Hey, miss Sue. My name is Matt Reardon. How are you doing today? I'm fine, sir. And you? I'm doing alright. I was calling, couple of things. I was looking to see if I could get a response on, judge Luther ruling on, judge Kent Smith's cases. I know, my I had a a post conviction relief that I had filed in circuit court, and I I filed that on the seventh, and it was assigned to judge Kent Smith. There was a conflict of interest in judge Luther. In fact, judge Luther was was, prepped on everything, all the fraud committed by the state and the county, and, he passed word through his court administrator, that in order to challenge a a plea, that I would have to do it via post conviction relief, and I did that. I raised the issues. There were significant, corruption and and and fraud issues. And Yes, sir. That was so so judge Luther on the twenty ninth, he ruled on on my post conviction relief motion. He he he denied it. And I was under the impression that he had recused himself. He was recused from it due to conflict of interest. And so I thought it was very odd that two weeks later after I filed it that another judge that it wasn't assigned to ruled on it. So, of course, I'd I challenged it back to the trial court, prior to appealing it to the Supreme Court, and, those motions are on file. I actually have have two motions on file right now. It's a it was a a rule 59, hearing as well as a motion for recusal of judge Luther. And I I wasn't sure if judge Kent Smith was aware of judge Luther making that ruling. And then I also want not unless they discussed it amongst themselves. Okay. Alright. Let me give you my email address. Okay. And and you send that to me, and I will forward it to judge Smith and see, has anybody ruled on it? I mean, other than to deny it? It? No, ma'am. It was just judge Luther, and I thought it was absolutely jaw dropping that in light of three constitutional rights violations, my my my rights were completely destroyed in this. It was a it was a framed, attempt by the by the state to get rid of me, to silence me and get rid of me. This involves fraud up to the up up as high as the FBI. And they're obstructing justice, refusing to comply with the public information request, with a FOIA. The Lafayette County Sheriff's Department is withholding evidence, refusing to comply with a FOIA, that proves my innocence beyond all reasonable doubt. And and I've I've Is this in Lafayette County? Yes, ma'am. Okay. Are you an attorney? No, ma'am. I'm I'm handling everything pro se. I am the I am the the the appellant. Okay. If you will send me all of that, let me give you my email address. Okay. You know, I will see that judge Smith gets it and put your contact information and stuff on there so I will have it. Okay. You know? Because I don't know anything about this. Yeah. It's, And I don't know how it got It is it is jaw dropping. Is we yeah. We had two judges to retire. Right. And the appointments did not come down timely. I mean, we went for three weeks with one judge. Right. And I understand that. Yeah. And and I just I just don't understand. You know, usually, like, with something like that, and and I followed the advice that was passed back to me, I just knew that judge Luther, after being after it being said that he reviewed over my emails, saw, you know, everything that I laid out, which was all the evidence, and I followed the procedure. I I don't know why, you know, it was such a rush for him to rule on it within two weeks to deny it and not even give me so much as an evidentiary hearing. I'd I definitely deserve an evidentiary hearing, and the facts deserve an evidentiary hearing to to go before the the court. Alright. Let me see if I can find a pen. I'm on the road. Hold on just one minute now. Okay. Alright. Tell me your name again. It's Matt, m a t t, Reardon, r e a r d o n. And what is your call's number? It is I'm a say it. It is 203 let's see. I've actually got it right here. I can pull it up on Delta. Yeah. If you'll give me that call number, you won't even have to send me the stuff if you filed everything. Yes, ma'am. It is 20316. Okay. And, Just send me your contact information. And the latest the latest motion that I filed, which was two days ago, the motion for recusal, it is with exhibits. I have exhibit a, which is the complete, back and forth email conversation where the entire narrative, all the facts are laid out, and, you know, everything else is is in there. I plan on filing a motion to compel evidence, to to try to, you know, get the the sheriff's department to cooperate in producing, the evidence that they're withholding. They, they they admitted that, you know, the the evidence for the that stemmed the warrant back in 2017 came from a phone call they received on 05/24/2017. And, and and I have asked for information on that call, and they've refused to cooperate. They're the county attorney has even sealed it. So they are trying to this is a quid pro quo public corruption scandal. It it benefited four different parties, including helping to elect the mayor of Oxford, and and keep information from coming out. And that's that's how that's how serious this thing is. And I'm a Marine Corps veteran. I do not deserve to be stripped of my rights. There's absolutely it's impossible for me to have committed this crime, that I was charged with. For me to have committed it would have meant that I lied to the FBI, in order for the the state charge to have been correct. And and, you know, I've I've strongly advised the FBI to come arrest me if that's the case and because they hold the they hold the truth, the proof of of my innocence. Okay. You send me your contact information and everything that that we have talked about is in the file. Correct? Yes, ma'am. Except for this motion you're to compel that you're getting ready to file. Yes, ma'am. I'm I'm getting I'm preparing to file a motion to compel, and and I'm gonna, I'm gonna I'm gonna ask. I know, you know, you don't get anything you don't ask for. I'm gonna ask for the FBI to be compelled in in producing the three zero two that they're, refusing to to, produce. I don't know if the if a state judge can can compel a federal agency to comply or not, but I'll I'll certainly put that in there. But certainly, the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department in Lafayette County. Yes, sir. Alright. You let me give you my email address. Okay. You ready? Yes, ma'am. Alright. S u e Okay. Underscore as opposed to hyphen Okay. B l a n k e n s h I p Okay. @att.net. Okay. And I will check on this. Give me your I need a phone number and a mailing address. Yes, ma'am. You know? Yeah. And and so, you know, along the the lines of my call, I wanted to see what the trials I wanted to see how quickly I could and and I I don't even know if I need to, get a a a hearing date, as soon as possible with with judge Kent Smith or if I need to do it with judge Luther. I know judge Luther what they did, Sue, is for for the past two to three weeks, it was assigned to judge Kent Smith, for about the past two weeks. And as soon as I filed the the motion for refusal, that was when, like, literally two days ago, they changed it in Delta computer system to it saying judge Luther. But I've got screenshots of it showing the date and how it was assigned to judge Kent Smith. So, you know, it's it's it's like the the county is throwing every obstructionist stop block at me that they can, to just keep this thing stagnant. Alright. When you send me that and let me check on this, you know, and somebody will get back with you. Okay? Okay. I appreciate it, miss Sue. Yes, sir. And thank you for your service. I come from a long line of Silica. Yes, ma'am. That's that's why it's so personal to me is is I took an oath, and my oath never expires. And, you know, I wrote a blank check to the government for an amount up to my life. And and for me to have been framed for something that I couldn't possibly have done, it's very personal to me. That's why I started writing with The Outlaw. I've turned it into a documentary, to to Yep. Help get to the bottom of everything and make sure that, you know, good prevails against evil. Yes, sir. Well, you send that to me, and I will follow-up on it, and somebody will get back with you. Thank you so much, miss Sue. Yes, sir. You're welcome. Bye bye. Bye bye.