Source: 49c0572db10047a69f9d3fb2d2e9b46f.m4a
Drive file id: 1VH6L6AK4zkt8kYm9GT0MjCwJWE9g3hZR
Batch: recroot_batch13

FBI. Yes. I'm looking for, lieutenant colonel Lee Morrison. I can get a message to respond. Who am I speaking with? My name is Matt Reardon. I'm sorry, mister Matt. Can you spell your last name, please? It's r e a r d o n. Okay. And a phone number where you can be reached, mister Rick? (662) 892-0132. 0132. I I don't know who I don't know who else I don't I don't what? I don't know who else to turn to. The FBI is obstructing justice and destroying evidence. The, US attorney's office is pushing things underneath the table. They're they're covering up, what the FBI has done as far as their obstruction. And this all goes back to, what I believe is the largest public corruption scandal to ever rock the state of Mississippi. One of one of the largest, if not the largest. And my statute of limitations is running out. Out. I have until July 5, before I my three year statute of limitations runs out. I've I've done a documentary called riding with the outlaw to gather the proof. I knew I was framed all along. I've gathered undeniable proof. This was a quid pro quo plot to get me out of the way and silence me, to help protect the incoming mayor, Robin Tannehill, In Lafayette, in Oxford. Oxford, Mississippi. Okay. And I don't know what to do whenever the FBI is has destroyed it, from from what I've gathered from two separate phone calls. The FBI is not complying with a public records request with a FOIA to produce the three zero two from 05/25/2017. The Lafayette County Sheriff's Department have refused to comply with public records request. They they they were complying in the beginning. But when it came out that that investigator Jared Bundren received a mystery phone call on 05/24/2017, and and it was not from the alleged party that that they charged me with the crime, I I foiled the recorded phone call from May 24. They have refused to comply, and everything points to, I I can't say with certainty, but they're they're trying their best to obstruct and not let this this crucial piece of evidence come out. Okay. Let me get someone, let me get a message to him so he can get get you some assistance. So Yes, ma'am. It is it is horrible. Like, literally, last night, I went to the square to document the courthouse, and every single every single law enforcement agents, every single law enforcement officer converged on the square. There's probably thirty thirty five officers on the square. Definitely didn't feel safe there. But I I I know they're they're doing their best to make sure that this information does not come to light. And I have a feeling I'm I'm worried about my own safety because I'm in the two week window before my statute of limitations runs. Okay. Let me get a message let me get a message out real quick. (662) 892-0142. Is this a cell number or an office number? It's a cell number. Okay. Mister Rick, I'll get this message out. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.