Source: 381eb0e74c8e4fd884b2edfbff508cf1.m4a
Drive file id: 1VwTH9imtEuN9kMxghRlNwamjKY72Ai3N
Batch: recroot_batch13

Plan 3. To change feature, 4. If you're having trouble using your phone, 5. For other options, 6. Technical support. If you're having problems making or receiving calls, press 1. For instructions on your email setup, 2. Help with texting, 3. Billing issues, 4. For help with voice mail, press 5. For other issues with your smartphone, press 6. If you're having problems making to make a payment and remaining balance minutes or messages, 2. To change your price plan, 3. To change feature, 4. If you're having trouble using your phone, 5. For other technical support. If you're having problem Let's try that again. If you're having problems making or receiving calls Damn. It's still at 24%. We are sorry you are having trouble. Thank you. Goodbye. This stupid bitch. We're sorry you're having trouble. Thank you. Goodbye. Really? But you're Really, Verizon? Are you kidding me? So somebody's I would write back, so somebody's clearly lying here. Because C Spire has told me twice now that, they've they've told me that once they owed a bill and that it wouldn't be released because it was locked. Or I would say C Spire is saying that it's unlocked, and Verizon is saying that C Spire is holding it locked. What'd you say? So I just wanna make sure that you're saying there's nothing on C Spire's end. See, he put something in writing. I'm gonna take his word over Verizon's word. Verizon Wireless and the sales department. That's kinda makes sense. Wanna explain to him. I think they have the block on it. They just don't wanna tell us because that can be fightable. That's fightable. Who are they to put a block on anything with my stuff? A new device. That's not even a phone with them. Accessories. It's prepaid. But it it doesn't matter. If you don't pay the bill, then they freaking turn it off. A newly purchased magazine. Device. T Spire has nothing to do with them. Account too. Yeah. Because nothing to do with C Spire. Recent order status, account questions, or technical support 3. Technical support. Just 3. Starting with the area code, please enter the Verizon Wireless number you're calling about. That. If you're not yet a customer, press pound. It's going to be 627823088. 1 moment, please. One moment.