Source: 20200819 210631-DD2F848E.m4a
Drive file id: 1MV0o9k70qdSW96huan8m1ZbzzvSd_BdB
Batch: recroot_batch13

Yeah. This is. How may I help you? Hey, man. This is Matt Reardon. I just called you. You transferred me over to, Linda King, I think it was. Yes, sir. And, I'd it went to voice mail. I left a voice mail. I was out the US attorney's office refused to call me for probably six weeks' time, over a public corruption scandal that occurred here in Oxford. It involved the FBI. It involved the sheriff's department. It's something very, very serious, and I'm down to the wire as far as time. I pinned an open letter to the US attorney, to to get his his answer on several bullet points. Is there somebody there? I I I'm not sure if I'm gonna get a callback. So is there somebody there that can maybe accept service on his behalf if if he's not there so that I can make sure that he gets this letter? Because Tuesday, next Tuesday, is the is is where I've gotta make a decision. Yes, sir. Give me give me one second, and and and I'll get right back to you. Okay? Give me just one minute. Thank you. Hey. This is Sam Wright. Hey, mister Wright. This is Matt Reardon, the Oxford Outlaw. How are you? Doing well. How are you? I'm doing alright. I, it's good to talk to somebody up there. I'd I'd for about six weeks' time, I went unanswered by the US attorney's office on on what is a major scandal. And I can't Okay. For the life of me understand why the US attorney's office tasked with preventing this type of thing wouldn't even take it serious enough to look at at the just substantial evidence. It involves the FBI and their intentional obstruction of justice and quite likely destruction of evidence. Okay. It involves the mayor of Oxford. Alright. It involves the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department. It involves my ex. This is one of the nastiest quid pro quo public corruption scandals that I personally have see have ever have ever seen. And it's it's an absolute atrocity. I I penned an open letter, two page letter to the US attorney yesterday, and I would like to make sure that he receives service of it. I would like to talk to him, honestly, in regards to everything because it's, I mean, it's it's absolutely mind blowing. My life was ruined back in 2017. I was framed on a crime that I I couldn't have possibly committed. The FBI knew that I couldn't have possibly committed it, and they sat around like a lifeguard with his hand stuck in the cookie jar, just watching a child drown. It's I mean, it it caused me to really lose all faith. And my life has been substantially turned upside down since then. The Lafayette County Sheriff's Department, the county, and even the county's attorney seems to think that it's all just a big joke that that there that my my civil rights were conspired upon to be destroyed. And that's what they did. I actually took the advice of an assistant US attorney at the time and went and met with the FBI because I had a death threat on me. And the very next day, I was surrounded by a mob of four sheriff's deputies. One of them, which took a call on 05/24/2017, which I just more recently found out about through a public records request, and that was what stemmed the sham warrant. And they are refusing to comply with producing information about that call. The FBI has refused to comply with producing the three zero two that would have been generated from the sit down meeting. Well, you know, I mean, they you know, they have their their own counsel, like, their their own lawyers that do that. So I I don't know if that's what you're calling about. No. I'm calling I'm calling about y'all I know that the FBI is y'all's investigative branch, and and the US Attorney's Office is explicitly tasked with preventing public corruption. And, you know, when I hold all the keys to the castle here, if you go to ridingwiththeoutlaw.com, you'll see stuff that'll blow your mind. And actually, I just I just finished a new video, as far as I'm I'm producing my seeking vindication here. And, it's it's absolutely mind blowing. And I don't even have everything on the website. Okay. So you mentioned you mentioned whenever the call was transferred to me, you're something about accepting service or process or something that's, as I said, I'm not It's not it's not it's not accepting service or process. It's accepting, service of a letter, of an open letter. Because what I plan to do, I there there are several, it's it's very significant concerns that Right. Society as a whole have right now. I'm a Marine Corps veteran. I'm a I'm a I'm a American patriot, and I had all my rights stripped from me. And something that was completely a sham, it involved all three stages of local government. It involved the the legislative, the executive, and the judicial. This was all a plan in order to get rid of me, to silence me, and to Were you charged with a crime or something? I sure was. I was I was charged with the crime of aggravated stalking that on or before May 8, I put, the lynches in fear of their life with an AR 15, and that was impossible. A bill of sale proves that. Lafayette County knew it all along because I had the bill of sale showing that I didn't purchase the gun until May 20, and I only purchased the weapon. I I mean, I wanted an AR 15 for a while. And whenever I got I was given proof that there was a death threat made on me, it sure gave me the perfect excuse to get it. I sat down with the FBI on 05/25/2017. See, 05/22/2017, Ray Tannehill, Robin Tannehill's husband, filed an emergency injunction against me. I was hunted down the next day on the twenty third on campus. They filed an emergency injunction to keep me 500 feet or 500 yards away from from the Tannehills. I was listed on the docket to speak at City Hall on June 6. That was the day of the election of, for the mayor. I had I had information that, was pretty serious at the time. This was all a way to shut me up and get rid of me. I was arrested May 26. I was held. I was illegally held, at the Lafayette County Detention Center until May 30. I'm only supposed to have two days before I go before a judge. I was held for four. And then, the judge, Judge Carolyn Bell, justice court judge, she met with the sheriff's investigator behind closed doors while I was in the courtroom for about ten minutes prior to coming out and reading me the charge. I said, your honor, I would like to address the court. She looked at me and she said, mister Reardon, you have the right to remain silent. I said, I know what my rights are, your honor. I don't choose to invoke the fifth. I choose to invoke the first. So I wanted to show that I had a 100% proof that I couldn't have committed the crime and that the state had absolutely nothing to base its its baseless accusation on. She once again told me I had the right to remain silent, and she gave me a 150,000 bond. I've never been accused of a felony before. So that was that was May 30. Exactly a week later was when I was supposed to speak out. They did that with the sole it's it's my it's my, what I believe is they did that with the sole intention of knowing that a habeas corpus filing could not even get me before a judge to get me out in such short notice. Well, mister, I I'm listening to everything you're saying. I'm I certainly understand. I there there may have been some confusion when the call was transferred to me. I'm actually in the civil division, so I do, you know, like, tort claims against The United States. I do bankruptcy work. Oh, oh, there's there's there's tort there's tort claims that are coming. Believe me. Okay. That that I I but I'm telling you, though, I I don't know anything about the the criminal side of things you're talking about that. I think maybe That's why I wanna speak to the US attorney. Okay. Well, your your question was something about a letter. I I think there was some confusion about service of process. I'm authorized to accept service of process of lawsuits and stuff. If you're one to to send a letter or get proof that a letter was sent, I just I suggest sending it certified mail. I can I can that gives you I can do that? The problem is, like I've stated in the letter, that on Tuesday, the twenty sixth, the letter, whether it gets a response from the US attorney or not, is going to be forwarded to the Department of Justice in the attention of the attorney general, William Barr. This is that's significant. So I wanna give the US attorney enough notice. And the only reason why Tuesday is the day is because I'm running out of options myself. I mean, I've already crossed three years. Luckily, I filed a post conviction relief, which was prejudicially denied by a circuit court judge that was supposed to be recused and had no right to even rule on that. So I so I appealed that, and then I filed a motion for recusal against the judge, but I have he did that on the twenty ninth. I have thirty days. Now granted, I told it, you know, whenever I I filed the the motion for recusal, but I'm not I'm tired of waiting till the last minute to get things done. You know? And and so, you know, come the twenty sixth, you know, whether I have a response or not, I mean, it's a it's it's an open letter. So I would like to to fairly give the well, I I wouldn't afford it any kinda fair chances. I'd like to, you know, fairly afford the US attorney the opportunity to read the letter and to respond to it. Okay. Well, I mean, like I said, I think you can send it certified. I I don't know what to say. If you're asking me if I can take it on his behalf, I can't because, like I said, I can accept Can I meet the US Attorney? I have no control over that. I mean, you'd have to try to to arrange that with him. I I don't know. Like I said, it it was a service to process issue. I mean, I obviously can't set up meetings for the US attorney. And I'm here. That's what I'm calling for. Why can't I not get transferred to somebody that I can set a time to meet the US attorney? Well, I mean, alright. So you said you're a former marine. Right? Yeah. Okay. So when you were in the marine corps, could could you forgive me. I was not in the military, but could you set meetings for your commanding officer or whatever that may be without their knowledge? No. But let me let me just Okay. I'm on the same thing now. Sam. Let me just go ahead and say this to go ahead and and and, you know, fix this, squash this. I also wasn't facing a time crunch. I also was not framed for a crime that I didn't commit. I also it wasn't at the disposal of an agency that refused to do what they were tasked with doing. They had a fiduciary responsibility to make sure that this happened. That like, I mean, just one constitutional right violation or one allegation, a simple allegation of public corruption should be enough for your office to look into. Now everything else keep saying my office. I understand. I yeah. I work here. That's that's true. But I, you know, I I don't do any of the type of work that you're talking about. I I apologize. Like I said, maybe you guys Yeah. You don't you just don't know how serious this is because I'm sure you've probably never had to go through this. But, you know, I'm tired of my life being upside down, tired of people gaffing it off and not taking it seriously, and I would like to speak with the US attorney. Is he is he in the office today? He is not that I'm aware of. No. Okay. You you got you you you really right now, a lot of people are are not working within the office because of the like, many other businesses with the COVID stuff. So Yeah. It's a sham. It's an excuse. It's just an excuse to to give you know, what I've found is it's been an excuse to give the government, you know, extra time. And and, honestly, you know, it's just a in my opinion, this is all just a test on compliance. You know? It's it's It's that okay. I I you can you can take what you want. I I certainly, you're entitled to do that. If if you want proof that a letter arrives, you're welcome to send a certified mail. I can't make appointments on behalf of the US attorney. You have to do that through his office, literally his office and his legal assistant. So I you know, if if it's accepting service or process of something, I can do that. But otherwise, you just need to send it certified mail. That way, you have your proof that it was delivered to this office. So, I don't know what else to tell you on that. I guess I'm just really trying to find out if the US attorney's office is willing to even look into this and investigate this or if I need to serve process on the US attorney's office for not fulfilling the job that they were assigned with? Because, I mean, six weeks without a phone call is ridiculous. Well, I, you know, I I don't have authority to say that, the the office of the US Trade will investigate anything because I don't even do criminal work. So, if you're looking for that, I can give that to you. So if you feel the need to to file something, then that's your right to do so. But otherwise, if you're just wanting a copy of your letter to be received, like I said, certified mail would give you a receipt that that was delivered to the office. So I I don't know what else to tell you. I'm not trying to give you the runaround either. I just, it doesn't sound like something I can help you with. If you're asking me to make an appointment on behalf of US attorney, I'm not authorized to do that. And I'm just trying to I'm just trying to compel a a response, I mean, as I should. I mean, I have you know, being a a a American citizen and a Marine Corps veteran, you know, I I have it is my responsibility to hold those in you know, that are that are tasked with this, that are paid with taxpayer dollars to make sure that they are fulfilling their job. Have you have you have you mailed the letter and it, like, came back to you or something? Or No. No. I just I just put it together yesterday. Okay. Well, like I said, I mean, my my suggestion would be if you want proof that it was mailed and delivered, then then, send it the certified mail. I don't I don't know what else to tell you otherwise. If you have an actual lawsuit that needs to be served, then I can accept service to that. But as far as correspondence to the US attorney or making appointments, I mean, I I I can't do anything to help you. And I'm I'm Are you sure you'll are you just are you just authorized to accept service of suit, for the US attorney's office, or can you accept service of suit on the FBI as well? No. You'd have to look at the rules of civil procedure. You have to serve the the the attorney general of The United States. You have to serve the US attorney for the district in which the lawsuit's filed. So I I can accept service for the office, like, by certified mail if somebody files a lawsuit, but you also have to send it to the attorney general. Which is where the letter comes from. Yeah. So, I mean, you as far as suing the FBI, you know, like I said, they have their own counsel. So it it sometimes it's they they would handle it exclusively. Sometimes they use the US attorney's office on the civil side of things. I I don't know what that answer would be. I mean, they basically send a referral. But, yeah, we don't we, I know, our office works with the FBI, but that doesn't mean we have control over them, as far as the way they handle lawsuits and stuff like that. But, if you look at it's rule four of the federal rules of civil procedure that talk about service and process. And when you're serving The United States, like I said, you have to serve the U. S. Attorney for the district in which it's filed. And you have to serve the attorney general of The United States, which obviously you can find the address. You can Google service of process U. S. Attorney General. It'll give you the address in D. C. But that's, you know, for a lawsuit. Now for a letter, there there's no specific service of process rule. So what I was advising you is if you want some type of proof that it was sent or received, I would suggest sending it to certified mail, which you would do with the service of process too. It needs to be done certified mail Right. For for proof. Right. So So so even if I was even if I was if I was not let's say let's say I filed I filed against the FBI, but not but not nationally, not their not the entire organization if it was localized to just a branch office. Would I still have to go through the attorney general, serve the attorney general of The United States, or or, would that just fall more back on the onto a localized? No. It's still got it's still gotta be go through the attorney, the attorney general's office. I'm looking at rule four right now, and I can it's gonna be rule four. Let's see. Four I, little I. So serve in The United States and its agencies. So to to serve The United States, you must send it to the US attorney, and send a copy by registered certified mail to the attorney general of The United States in Washington, DC. So it's federal rule civil procedure four I, if you wanna look it up. Okay. Alright. Well, sounds good. I wasn't, trying to just come down hard on you, Sam. I'd you know, you can only imagine the frustration I'm having to deal with. I I I wish I could say I appreciate it to the full extent that you do, but that that would be lying if I said that. I do, I have I have sympathy for what you're dealing with. Obviously, I wish I could help more, but, you know, I'm sure you're, mentioned getting the runaround a lot. Certainly not something. I'm not trying to give you the runaround. Like I said, it may have been a mistake when you got transferred to me about service of process. But the the the advice I'm giving you is not a runaround. It's just the best advice I can give you. And like I said, I I hope that helps somewhat. I I appreciate you saying that you weren't trying to come down on me. I I appreciate that very much. So Would you be willing to take my number down and maybe pass a note to the US attorney to see if he'd be willing to reach out to me on his own accord? Is is it the 812-1613? Yes. Okay. Because it shows up on our phones when even when it was transferred. So, yeah, I'll I'll be happy to do that. I'm I'm trying to I'll pass along. You know, like I said, if I could obligate them to take a meeting, I'd do it. All I can do is pass along. I'll do that. I'll certainly make them aware of the call. And, you know, like you said, you mentioned, for me to look up on the website. I did that while we're looking. So I see the open letter on your Twitter page there. So, anyway, I'll I'll certainly pass along a phone call for sure. Alright. Sounds good. Thank you, sir. Okay. Thanks, mister Ridden. Alright. Bye bye. Alright. Bye bye.