Source: 20200707 025636-B0D5A0C1.m4a
Drive file id: 1rchyio2Xfo7S5gMLl6enRQ6EJMMVRrjG
Batch: recroot_batch13

Hey. What's up, man? There's your stuff, but, I need to know exactly what was said, what happened with the other person who lives here. Yeah. You called this morning? No. No worries. You never came by here. I did not come by. She called actually, like, three times on the phone to me and my wife. I called back. I wanna realize the number was the same, and they called my wife also. That was you, Paul. And she said that, that my driver's license was up here, which I've been looking for my license. I figured it was maybe in my car. I cleaned that out last night, so I cleaned my wife's car out. And then I looked at my email, and I saw in my email that I had a, refund that I already had some change that was, it said, it said, here's your refund or something like that. It was it was processed processed out today. So I called back up. I spoke to the gentleman up here, and he said, The gentleman up here? Yeah. He's he's he's an older guy. He's an older guy. He's an older guy. Black or white? Sounded white. Sounded white. Yeah. He didn't say his name. It's John. I'm John, and then I got another guy named John. I don't. Okay. That's cool. Alright. If it was on my RingCentral, it would have reported the gold. I hear you. No. That's cool. That's cool. But yeah. So, then I called her, and I spoke to her. And she said, I called up here, and it was originally, it was I needed to come up here Saturday to get my license because it was away in the safe. So the manager was not here, and they'll need to come up here because my license is in the safe, and they had no access to the safe until the manager came in Saturday, which I thought was which I thought was extremely I'm just And it wasn't unsafe. It was underneath the counter, which I I told, one of my closers to call you and let you know that you because I noticed not long after you had left, and I meant to call you my self. Sure. But I I I forgot. I got busy and, you know, how it is. But, but but, anyway And then she said, she said that whenever I spoke to her again about the the refund because she was gonna get her on the phone, whenever I said I I said well, I spoke to a lady earlier, and she said that my license was in the safe. And, and he he said that I'm certain you've already been paid out. The refund. I said, no. I haven't figured that out. Yeah. That was that was me. No. I was Yeah. Spoke to. And so then because that's that's against protocol too. Yeah. And, yeah. Well, she came and cheated. Long story short, she came back up here. Yeah. And magically that $40 show up. Yeah. So I just need this to know. And if I need to, would you be able to repeat that? Yeah. Absolutely. Alright. Yeah. I I I can't stand this on this. It it'll it'll make sure everything going forward that, you know, is what I'm gonna do. I figured probably that was what what the case was, which is what sounded really. Yeah. And if it wasn't safe, it kinda was gonna put a rock and a hard place because, my business was on down there. There's some sign that I'm falling behind with everything going on, and my platform got shut off. They're supposed to work with me on on, hardship. So, I got a a hotspot device through AT and T, very very, very, very, very, very charging. And I decided I was gonna take it back, but today is the last day for the thirty day race performance. And I don't wanna be locked in for a year, you know, paying for this device and and, the expensive plan. So I was taking it back actually just a little while ago. She said we have to have a license to or to pull up your account. And I was like, oh, god. Maybe you'll still have time in your hurry, which where about C Spire? Well, I've got because I I've got two hot spots through C Spire. Because where I live, you can't get dependable Internet access. And I get 50 gigs a month on each one of them before they throttle it. Right. And, I'm paying $30 a month plus $5 for each device. I can give you something better. That's the reason why I'm bringing that up there. I'm bringing that back up there. I actually have what's called the Superman plan. Okay. I I call it the Superman plan. It is a, it's it's basically an enterprise plan to AT and T, grandfathered in. And what I do is, take a working IMEI number that's that's provisioned for, that type of thing right here. I pair it with a with a SIM. Okay? It's gonna be a new SIM. Yep. And, with a SIM. Okay? This is gonna be a new SIM. Yeah. And it's on the data connect plan. $35 a month unlimited. And when I say unlimited, I ran Truly unlimited. I ran 675 gigs last month. It was one hotspot. Okay? If you have no hotspot device you have, you get a five if you get a dual eight two point four and five gig, five gig is working, obviously, if it's surpasses, it puts out the fastest wireless. It is not correct. So I was actually averaging between 60 to 80 megs a second download speeds and upload speeds around 15 megs a second. Same thing as you. I didn't see do about 26. '26. But that's also part due where I live. But AT and T's already gonna have better towers, aren't they? No. C Spire, where I live, AT and T sucks ass. Okay. There's one spot in my yard that you can if you got a phone Yeah. Where you can actually get reception. Let alone data Right. But actual reception. C Spire is the only place where I live that you can get decent connect. When I moved there, I had Verizon. Verizon and C Spire work on the same type of network. Matter of fact, if you don't have there's not a ceasefire tire nearby, it'll piggyback on Verizon. But, when I moved out there, I had Verizon, and there wasn't a close Verizon tower nearby. Verizon is not the other way around. They won't piggyback off of the ceasefire apparently. Right. Right. So the only way I could get service is if I was on the outer edge of my house. Gotcha. Then I was just to talk. But one thing to think about, you know, they they have, the so with the devices, like, my my hot spot device, it's got the little plug in to the bottom where you can plug in the container that actually brings in the signal. So you can actually buy like a signal booster. Yeah. I know what you're talking about. I which I've seen This is receivers essentially. Yeah. But they're it's got they're like four or five hundred dollars for four g. You can get on Amazon. There's a t s nine pack, like a 10 ton. It's got a lot of hot spots that had these two round holes in the bottom. I'm not I I've seen them, but the ones with Yeah. They don't. I don't know if C Spire offers any other type of hotspot or not. What I did have is, my brother, he's pretty smart with the networks and computers and whatnot. He, had it he he had an old Linksys router that he converted into computers. Yeah. Yeah. I was able to hook up to, you know, the hotspot to hit and then use it to To repeat the signal. That's what I've done in my house. It's tell me. I'm paying I was paying $80 a month. I think that's why I'm taking the hot spot back. Now the Nighthawk freaking, hot spot device is badass. It actually has an Ethernet port in the bottom and all that. So I hate getting rid of that. Right. But I'm gonna take that back, and I'm gonna end up getting another hot spot device. But $35 a month, the plan that they had me on, $80 a month, and they throttle me at ten. So anything beyond 10, they max it out at 10 nodes a second when it downloads. But it's it's truly unlimited. It just maxes out at 10. I've seen these third party companies advertising here lately, talking about unlimited data. Now they're expensive. They're more more expensive. They're about $80, but they claim to have truly unlimited. And but, again, there goes the problem. They either piggyback on AT and T or Verizon, and, unfortunately, that's just not a good option for me. Right. Right. Wait. Something else. Yeah. I mean, AT and T puts a tower out there, man. I can hook you up with I mean, it's literally it's no contract, no credit check. You're just paying $35. We're good for thirty days. And like I said, I ran 675 gigs of data. That would be perfect. Right. $35. That's why I said, you know what? It's not worth it being under contract for $80 a month plus the the device. That sounds good. Yeah. I wish I could do that. Well, sounds good, man. I appreciate it. Let me know if you need my help. Okay? Okay, bud. I'll do it. Take care. Take care.