Source: 20200629 145451-7DB9BF47.m4a
Drive file id: 1kFbSS0awRgBwydSqiHUR4uPCkXOv2AHT
Batch: recroot_batch13

Good afternoon. Chairs Creek Clerk's office. Hi. Is, Sherry Wallen? She is. Now tell who's calling? It's Matt Reardon. Pardon me? Matt Reardon. One moment. Hey, Matt. It's Sherry. Hey, Sherry. How are you doing? Good. How are you? I'm good. I wanted to see if you could do me a favor, just to help avoid any issues. But, I mean, otherwise, I'm just gonna have to do it regardless, kinda like before. But I realized so here I was. I realized last minute that the semimonthly county board meeting is today. No. And I need to No. It's not. It's not. It's not. They made the first and third Monday of February, so the next one will be next Monday, July 6. Oh, crap. Yes. Then they'll meet the twentieth. Oh, crap. Yep. They only make the first and third Mondays of each month. I thought it was Mondays of each month. I thought it was every two weeks, so I posted an event. Now I have to cancel the event and make sure nobody shows up. I needed to address my mission. Yeah. I I needed to address the county because the sheriff decided to invoke the county on Tuesday as far as the reason why they're not complying for the third time with a federal, public records request for for the recorded call on 05/24/2017, which has I mean, that's that that wraps every single bit of evidence up. They're trying their best to protect whoever it was that made that call, and I confronted the sheriff, on Tuesday at the sheriff's department after he told me ten days prior to that to resubmit it for the third time, and they would comply. And, I'm getting the runaround and and told to ask the county. So I wanna address the county. The the problem is Monday is when my statute of limitations runs. So I was really hoping that it was today so that I could address the board about what the sheriff said, and figure out where the stop block is being put. Doesn't they don't meet until July 6. Damn. Okay. Well, how am I gonna handle this? I'd say. I know WMC was talking about coming down. I don't know. I might just do a if they're still coming down, I I might try to call them off. If they're still coming down, I may just do a, you know, I may just speak to them outside of there. No. Next Monday at 05:00. Well, I'll have to follow my stuff before then, so I won't have an answer, you know, from the board prior to it. But do you wanna, can you put me on the, agenda to address the board? No. You have to go through Lisa Carlisle who's the county administrator. Okay. Do you have her number? Somewhere. Alright. Let me give it to you. Okay. It's 236-2717. Okay. And you need to talk to Lisa Carlisle. Sounds good. Okay. Alright. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye bye.