Source: 15d84c1f42124ba6ad4aef6370a44b29.m4a
Drive file id: 1iCHuCQ5mgrpyCRHfjtHMlPiE9GM3YiW5
Batch: recroot_batch13

What's that? Yes. That is the exit. I did. I I do have it. Yes. That is the exit. Green down the information to improve your return? Yes. Okay. Well, which I I put in the number there. Awesome. Any other questions that you might have? Nope. Yeah. That was it. Awesome. Alright. Thank you. Alright. Bye bye. See. So, basically, tomorrow, as long as ours accept it, whenever they start accepting taxes, then within an hour, it'll be you know, it goes to the bank, and it'll be, you know, available for me to use. And I do have a card number that is a that's a, like, virtual card temporary card number, like your cash card. Please don't make a bunch of online purchases. Buying anything online, Matthew. Like, I literally I told you last time. Like, I've learned my fucking lesson. I was being so broke. It's made me go, like, I have not bought anything that I was not supposed to do. Like, I You know what's crazy? It's kinda been like a it was it was a little surreal because Wake up call for me. I remember. I believe I remember it was back in March or something like that before, you know, the big issue we started after before it's late times with, as well. Is that recording this? Yeah. I want to see how clear I sounded. But because I got this thing clipped to the side. I remember saying, I think I remember saying that there's gonna come a time where we're gonna, you know, where you're gonna wish that Oh, yeah. I know you've said that. You've sent a circle down to me. You're gonna miss you. And I've done things myself that I've I've highly read on my books. Money than I do at this point. But I but a lot of things, if I don't need it, I'll take it right back. I know. But, like, you have a manic side view when it comes to that. Like I'm manic Matt, the weatherman. But you always talk about me, like, like, horribly. That's all. But no. You're manic Mattie, and I'm manic Matt. I get that. But, like, you can't talk about me if you do say Hey. Can you stop by my car?