Source: 20190712 122359-791E8E01.m4a
Drive file id: 1drwAgN41c3Z_kB-kZDXxwSJNc5zqVgaw
Batch: recroot_batch13

I can go in to Alexander Witten's system and go ahead and fix our assignment agreement right then and there, and then just save it to that SanDisk. And then if you need it, bring it back and blah blah blah. Alright. Yep. Did you pull it open? I just plugged it down. It just popped up. Go to the need executed releases clients. I just had to name it like that just in case they look in the system and find it. Now open it up and make sure that you can check. In fact, you probably just rename that clients or or, you know, ask, client prospects. So these people are all gonna get an email. Everybody on my freaking JR, it's gonna be our introductory email. 311. Love it. You can scroll up and up and up and up and up, and you'll see nothing but fucking emails, phone numbers, MC numbers, salesman's initials. If you see where I've got, like, Guess what else I'm gonna do? Two initials, it means that they were, given both. Don't mass email those. These need to be talked to one on one to explain to say I mean, these are people you've already put in the time to get. So call them and just refresh their memory of who you are. I wanna refresh my I wanna refresh That's that's a Maddie job or whatever, man. Honestly, I'm not that's too much of a risk. Your job is to get clients. Here's clients that we've already got. I know that. But also, I chance somebody freaking slip it up and saying something. Just like I've talked to Greg. Well, we're always risking that. I thought about that too. How do we get out of because I thought, you know, I could call these people myself and say, hey, I'm over here. But just let you know I'm about to go over there just in case you guys want me to continue working on your files. But it's too risky. There's there's gonna be a risk no matter what of these people contacting Alexander Witt and saying, hey, we were contacted by Kaiser Schwartz. That's why it's very important that you don't drop my name. I'm not. But you it's also very important that you freaking remove your cell phone number from the site because Will Allen It's always very important that you can get a goddamn 800 number I can add on there. Trust me. I know. I'm not doing if he ever looks at that website. Well, alright. Alright. Here's the thing. Okay? I was gonna make a 901 number, the company number, but I think an 800 number, because of California and all the other states, that's gonna be easier. For a 800 number, it's $30 one time, and that's it. And it's $5 a month. I don't mind covering the $5 a month fee. I would Send me send me $30 on PayPal. Show me the receipt, and I was gonna give you $30. They'll tell me Well, in order to do that, I had to go back to the store and put cash back on my PayPal card. So if you can if I can send you a request Just take a picture So, basically, you'll send the money. You just want a receipt sent back to you. Yes. Hi. Thank you so much for patiently. I do I'm so sorry to say, but still this person is unavailable. He is still engaged on a call right now. Scamming somebody else. The best thing that I'm going sorry? He's probably scamming somebody else. Doing good. He's always on the phone. Check the USB so I can tell you that. Yeah. Don't do that right now. So, yeah, still engaging a bunch of people. About this? Because I I told you I told you what my wants are. Okay? And so, I mean, he doesn't deserve to get another commission off of my stuff. Yes. I mean, what what can you do to meet my needs and me getting okay. So if I got an 800 number, alright, instead of a 901 number for for, you know, a multi IVR menu, you know, for for another company number. Okay? Okay. What is how much how much does an 800 number cost? Or is it just the vanity is 30 the vanity is $30 one time. But what about a regular $808.08 8, whatever, you know, if it gives me choices and I select one. Is that just still $5 a month or what? The 800 and the vanity number has a $30 onetime payment. But from other toll fee numbers from $8.03 3 up to $8.08 8, they are all $4 and 99 without any, setup fee for $30. Okay. Alright. Which is the vanity and then the 800 through 800 number. So have the $30 one time payment. Okay. So I'm gonna I'm going to end up getting an 800 or 888 number for Okay. For a second company number. Okay? And I'll I'll just have to look and see what I like. But I do know a 901 number that I would like that populated on the list. And like I said, I clicked on something else, and I lost that number. I believe it's (901) 420-0220. Do you have that number? 901 is the area code you've mentioned? Yes. (901) 420-0220? Yeah. Okay. Let me check if this is still available on the pool of numbers that we have here in the system. Or maybe it was 422-0220. I I can't remember. I I I wish I would have written it down when I saw it, but I I believe it was 420-0220. Let me let me contact I'm over at Matt's house right now, but I think what I'm gonna do tomorrow is I'm gonna go up to the Alright. Notice that I'm gonna go up to the No. It's not. I'm gonna go up to the (901) 420-0220. I don't have any on the system. I haven't Sorry. What do you have with 901 and the last four digits being 0220? Because it's something like it might have been 422 or something. I mean, it was but it was it was like where the prefix was, you know, it kinda had a ring to it with the with the suffix. I kinda like that. Okay. I think this is what you were looking for. 9014400220. That's it. Through how to do it yourself if you Okay. I got it here. It's the only number ending in 0220. Want me to get this for you now? Yes, please. Okay. And how about the eight eight eight number that you've, need? We're gonna have it ordered today as well. You guys come over here to we are Alright. Bye. So, hey. 440-0220. (901) 440-0220. That's direct line. And then as far as the company number, it's gonna be an 888 probably an 888 number. 800 numbers and vanity numbers, which vanity spell out something, those are a one time fee of $30. If it gives me a selection to choose from and it's an 888 or 833 or 855 or 877, it's just $4.95 a month and no $30 one time fee. So $30 one time fee just applies to 800 numbers or vanity. Now I went through there, and I typed in some some, you know, great relevant keywords. We couldn't find anything earlier. Let's see. You do you do 800 collect? Well, I tell you what. That's exactly what you're saying. Can you can you put I I did. Can you can you go ahead and just lock me in for that 901 number now and let me kinda, you know, search around, for numbers on y'all's end, maybe refresh a couple of times till I see something that really just pops out or or come up with a good vanity number that works. And either I could call you back if you've got a direct number and have you put it through or just order it online. I mean, I'd I'd definitely you know, if you get you get paid a commission off of it, I'd I'd, you know, definitely like to get you your credit and not undercut that. Mhmm. Thank you so much for that, Matt. But, how about this? Is it okay if I'll walk you through adding one virtual number? Just get any 901 number. And then if it's already added in your account, I will be the one who's going to change that here on my end, putting in the 0220 as a replacement on that number that you just added. Okay. I mean, you can't just go ahead and put you can't just go ahead and put that in and just run it on my billing card? The system won't give us the, exact number. But what we can do is to pick up a temporary number if it's already added in your account. I will be the one who's going to change that here on my end. I'll put the 0220 number as a replacement as I can get it started. Okay. Yeah. I like that 4400220. That's that's got a nice little little catch to it. And then my 877977 text, I can just see radio ads and TV ads spinning. Like, I like that one. I like it. Let's see. Phone numbers. Or how about this, Matt? I'll go ahead and send an order for you for two additional numbers on your account, two virtual numbers, and then you just have to accept the order. Our back end team will be the one that's going to add the numbers for you. Who's gonna who's gonna do it? Our back end team. Okay. We will create an order. Our back end team will receive the order, and then they will add, two numbers on your account. How long does that take? Normally, it would take take around, two to three hours. Okay. I'm just trying to got a I've got an email I'm sending out to prospects here shortly. So the sooner, the better. Let's see. So you said just pick any 901 number under extensions. Add a new number for extensions. Correct? Are you the 901 number, is this the one that was that you were going to, add as a second company number? No. The 901 number is gonna be the extension number, the direct number. Now the company number is gonna be the 8 is gonna be the toll free number. Okay. I got it. Matt, I just wanted to, make sure first that we are on the same page before we add the number. Earlier, I've tried to ask you if you were, going to give me an estimate of how many calls. The reason why I asked that is because, that is gonna be the decision if we are going to make this a digital line or a virtual number. Because the digital line would allow you to make unlimited calls, but a virtual number could only allow you to have 10 calls for the full month. Oh, oh, well, no. I need a lot more than 10 calls for the full month. So I need to make it a Okay. Yeah. A digital line. I mean, I'm I'm gonna try to I'm gonna try I'm I'm gonna try to make about a 100 calls a day. Mhmm. Alright. So if you actually need a digital line to it, we need to have your account under a two liner plan because currently you only have one line. Right? So we need to make sure that your, plan would go to a two liner plan before we add another extension. How much is it to add to make it a two line plan? Right now let me see how much you're paying for. Right now, you're paying for $54.99 for one line every month. If you were going to make it two, I can give you a discount. I'll make it $44 and 99 per line per month for you. And then aside from that, you already have $7 off discount because you have a contract with us. So I could still give that to you. Okay. So, I mean, you're really not getting me any kind of you're honestly, you're really not giving me a deal because even on your website, when I go to two users, it automatically drops to $44.99. So I'm not needing a second user. I'm just needing another line. It's a it's a it's a it's the same business. It's just another aspect of the same business. And and if I'm having the calls route to me, if I'm not needing another user Uh-huh. I just I just want, you know, two different numbers. Mhmm. Then I don't see what the honestly, I really don't see what the big deal is. You know, especially with I'm not using anywhere close to what I'm paying for each month. Come on now. Don't break my break my back here. You've already kicked me and knocked me to my knees. Y'all going for the finishing blow? The per the the monthly payment there per user, that talks about the lines. I understand that. Mhmm. So if, of course, I need to make sure that what you really need is what you pay for. Right? That's, what you want. So that's the the reason why I asked you if you need unlimited calling or if you would have less calls. I just don't know why I can't throw it under the same I don't know why I can't throw it under the same umbrella because I'm going nowhere close to twenty five hundred minutes a month. And now that's toll free minutes, I mean Mhmm. But okay. I mean, if I called out as the toll free number instead of the direct line, can I not have that just fall underneath the umbrella of the $54.99 that I'm that I'm paying right now? But, I mean, I would want a I would want a second 800 number. Mhmm. Yeah. So, technically, the second 800 number and then the 8777 number that you already have right now would share the same number of minutes. You have twenty five hundred minutes. Right? Right. So the $8.07 7 that you already have right now and then the 888 number that you are going to add, both those numbers will share the same number of minutes. They will share the twenty five hundred. Okay. So going to a 901 number is where the split is on making it where I have a second line. Correct? It's not the toll free number. It's that it's that number. You are correct. The second Well, let's just add let's just add a yeah. Well, as much as I want that 901 number, I don't want it enough to pay another. I mean, it's already been enough of a struggle here lately, and I'm I'm really trying to to, you know, get this business off with a freaking charge. But, I mean, I can't do it if I'm if I'm if I'm suffocating. So, you know, I've already it's already been a complaint of mine about feeling like I'm paying too much, you know, and and trying to cut my expenses, not using near what I'm paying for. So the last thing I wanna do is increase my bill other than getting another another number. $5 a month, that's cool. I mean, $10 a month, if it fit my needs for having those two numbers and didn't increase my bill beyond that, that's cool. But that's where I draw the line.