Source: 20200707 025649-823CCF67.m4a
Drive file id: 1tNrWCmxrcU8-j5zBuKTDzZKvuzOit97H
Batch: recroot_batch13

Never received, press 2. Get your paycheck or tax refund faster with direct deposit. Get your direct deposit number now, press 3. For additional support, press 4. Thanks for choosing our card. We hope you'll love using it. Remember, the fast way to get balance info is using your mobile phone, and the free way to add money to your card is using direct deposit. Your available balance is $2,000 To check the status of a direct deposit, press 1. Press 3 to obtain Here's the letter. Mhmm. The letter. What? We'll take it. So the the problem is this is See, this why appeals are retarded? She just said, okay. That's false. Okay. So somebody said, I don't know. By forty eight hours, they told me. So basically, it's saying by forty eight hours, you shove your money on your card. Right? Two very quick. Mhmm. Another person commented and said that's false advertising because they actually say you would get an email within an hour after being accepted with the temporary card information. Where the fuck does that would that make any sense? No. They didn't say within an hour, you'll get your money. They said within an hour, you'll get your card information. But that's false advertising. Okay. Like, some people really fucking are stupid. So you choose everything white? I don't want to. I think you can add it to a PayPal account and send it to another PayPal account. Scroll up one more done. I'm so sure you deny that y'all been talking. Because we haven't been. It's only been since whenever fucking yesterday. And I put that on everything. What went through your head? Why why would you fuck everything up that was going good? I didn't even talk to him like that. That's what's that's what You said you were gonna be coming through. What are you talking about? You sent him a yeah. I mean, one of the messages was that you were like, 01:00 in the afternoon was that you were gonna be coming through Oxford. So you had planned that. 01:00 in the afternoon. Yep. Yesterday. So many hours before you ended up leaving. Y'all you'd, it was being talked about about how you were gonna be coming through Oxford on the way to the hospital. No. I haven't talked about that. The only thing that he he called me, then he wanted money, and then he started threatening me. That was just since yesterday afternoon after we got here. But even after you blocked him back on Facebook and said there'd never be anything you'd face. Blocked me. He blocked me on Facebook. No. I saw it on your block list. Yes. I know. Yes. I know. On the nineteenth. He blocked me. On the nineteenth. Yes. But he No. You had him blocked on the nineteenth. Okay. Because remember, that was the three days you three days before that, and it was the nineteenth that you reblocked him the day that I grabbed your phone. So are you saying that you unblocked him again? Yeah. He'd been he I unblocked him again. Just You just can't leave him alone. I didn't mess with him, though. We've now unblocked him. And then he and then he unblock him? And then he immediately blocked me, like, probably the next day or something, or he must have already had me blocked. I don't know. So there's too much of a pull, clearly. You need to unblock him. I blocked the there wasn't for any reason that you're thinking. Why do it whenever it's a respect thing? He already had me blocked whenever he was unblocked, so it didn't even matter. There was no way I could communicate with him anyway. Why? Why, though? Why would you fuck your marriage up to unblock him? Why would you fuck up something good when we just had another baby? Elijah was on block. I'm here. He saw me blocked. So, I mean Look what all transpired. Communication. You go to Oxford. You couldn't clearly care about me that much. So what is it? Will you please just be real with me? I've gotta know. I need to I need to know because I'm not having good understanding of everything. There's nothing. What's nothing? There's nothing going on with you. There was nothing ever going on with you. There was nothing ever going on with you? There wasn't. Why do you tell him the same thing about me? Well, he knows not me and you. You. Are you going to Walmart? What are you doing? Thought we were going. You told me no. It wasn't a reason ago. Told me there was no reason ago. There really isn't. You said I might as well wait tomorrow. Yeah. I'd like a more solid understanding of everything. How am I supposed to? Okay. I'm listening to you. I just don't know how I'm supposed to freaking process everything and and how anything would be any different, and it wouldn't enable you again. Because if you ever figure out how to fucking communicate with me again, I'd fucking hand you the phone and let you hang up. No. You wouldn't. No. I wouldn't. You said you were taking a restraining order out of your I am taking a restraining order out of your mail. Oh, I thought it was charges. Charges, whatever. Same thing. It's all fucking funny. No. Extortion is definitely something different. Well, it's in my opinion, it's all gonna be the same thing because it's all gonna happen. It's all gonna end up getting thrown out by you. You're dropping charges, like, you got him to drop you got me to drop. You didn't drop him? So why don't I I did fucking drop him. Who you who you thinking? How did you drop him? He had to get a court on. Right? So how was that dropping him? I don't I don't know what you mean. Don't fucking start looking at me stupid. If it wasn't for the plea deal that I got the prosecutor Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. He would've been fucking roasting. I'm sorry. I forgot about that. Yeah. Which But y'all still didn't keep your word. Y'all still fuck me over on. See how far I've stuck my neck out? Thanks for talking with me about it. I'm talking to you about it. Are you not? You're trying to get a bed and rolling your eyes? To go to bed. I'm just I'm laying here. Let me see your phone. I'm trying to do this thing real quick. Let me see your phone. I'm trying to do this thing real quick. What do you need my phone for?