Source: 20191215-180156_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1166977560036(1).mp3
Drive file id: 1-Wi-KQrr4cRUhHJYnVE5YR_jGwIfWg_U
Batch: recroot_batch13

Hello? Hey. Hey. What are you wanting to do as far as I live? Oh, I can tell you right now that I am on my way to go pick up dinner Do you have what? Bring it home. I mean, I was gonna say The well, listen, Matt. The actual funeral now listen to me, ma'am. The actual funeral for Christine is tomorrow morning on, like, eleven. Hartman? Or or Hartland? Yes. She died? Yes. Like, Matt, I was there, like, that morning dealing with Rocky, the coroner, sheriff's deputies, all of that. Like, I mean, as soon as I it was the morning that all the schools had, late admission, like, you know, because of the weather and stuff. And Mariana found her Like, Chris freaked out. Like, he he immediately messaged me, and it was like, no joke. Like, I take the back way from Lafayette back to my house, you know, the back roads and stuff. And I came past Chris's house, and and the ambulance was coming down there. And I saw Rocky's truck up at the top of the hill, and I was just it was it was a lot. You know, it's just it's a lot. Yeah. You know, I mean, it Christine's been in my life since I was 12 years old. And now, you know, Chris is having to raise Marietta. JT died two weeks ago. We're still having a deal with Whirlpool and everything, holding up the insurance claims and stuff to even do his, you know, cremation, get that paid for. Yeah. It it's it's nuts. Well, I was what I was gonna say is, originally, I was gonna say, of all the times tomorrow would be the worst time, or or is it this would be the worst time for me to keep with you overnight, because I'm I'm starting, some new work tomorrow morning, putting in a full solid eight hours allocated debt. And but Maddie, I've got a lot of prep work to do right now. Okay. So I'm having to restore a computer, and then I gotta do a second one. And then I gotta locate everything. But Maddie said that, she can, you know, Lidic can ride with her to drop off Emmy in the morning school and that that she can tag along with her to go do some, she's gotta go run some errands. And that way, she's you know, Lydia is not, you know, in my hair. And I don't need any distractions. That was not what I told. Is is Maddie wanting to, like, meet up with me in the morning, you know, for me to get Lydia back? Or you know, because the funeral is at eleven. No. Tomorrow an Oliver Inn. Yeah. Tomorrow afternoon or early evening or whatever is fine. Okay. She's gonna eat her some ribs tonight. That's perfectly fine. Just, you know, of course, you know, she brushes her teeth and stuff before bed. You know, that whole thing. You know? I'm cool with that. I mean, I'm not, you know, of course, not gonna keep her from, you know, trying different foods. Yeah. Alright. Well, we're about to eat, but I figured I figured with it being this late, we're not hearing anything. Yeah, that probably would have been the best bet. I mean, best. Well Alright. I mean, I'm I'm cool with that. I mean, that's fine. You know, if Maddie's, you know, okay with it and up for it, you know, I I appreciate that. You know? Yeah. She's following. Yeah, man. It's just it's it's been a it's been a lot going on. Yeah. Well, that's that's how life has been for me. Yeah. Yeah. But okay. I mean, that's you know, if Maddie's cool with that, you know, I'm, of course, you know, I'm I'm okay with it. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to, and my mom will be here, Saturday. And she leaves back out on Monday. But took the girls to the mall. You know, they charge 40 or $50 just for a kid to sit on Santa's lap and get pictures. It's freaking like I've it's the craziest thing I've ever heard in my I heard of in my life. Wow. So, unfortunately, we didn't do that. That's a late fund, though. Yeah. Not for $50 to sit on an old fat man's lap. Sounds like a booty call if it wasn't for all the kids. Oh, wait. Alright. Well, we're we're about to go ahead and do dinner, get the girls out. Alright. Yeah. We'll pick our food up and go home and eat. So but y'all have a good evening and all that. And Delta, I love her, and I'll see her tomorrow afternoon. Alright. Y'all have a good night. Y'all too. And I'll let Paige know that Lydia won't be in class tomorrow. Okay. Alright. Which is once, you know, Paige knows that, you know, my ex mother-in-law passed away and all that. So, I mean, it's you know, she kinda expects Lydia, you know, the possibility that she might be out. So Yeah. But alright. Good deal. Well, I'll call you tomorrow. Sounds good. Alright. Bye. Alright. Bye.