Source: Oxford Eagle Publisher.m4a
Drive file id: 1xn77_yzFkoWHmYmzzWYbAB4rSkRqlLWv
Batch: recroot_batch13

Owen. May we help you? Yes, sir. I was, I was transferred to the publisher for the Oxford Eagle. Is this is this the publish are y'all the publisher? Sheesh. I'm not the publisher. I'm the editor of the Batesville paper, but the but the Eagle publisher is here today. Okay. Can I speak with the Eagle publisher, please? Would would you like to speak with her? Yes, sir. Hello? Yes. Okay. Hold on just a minute. Okay. Rebecca, are you at your desk? I'm sending you right over, brother. Alright. Thank you. Hello? Rebecca. Hey. Yes. Hey. This is Matt Reardon. How are you doing? Okay. How are you, Matt Reardon? You are the outlaw bandit person who sends us all types of stuff. I'm the Oxford outlaw. Yeah. What can I do for you? Well, I spoke with y'all. I was the lady in charge, the one that that had just recently had a baby, about a week ago. Yeah. She was Anna. Anna. Anna Gizzericks. Yeah. And she was gonna have the reporter reach out to me. We've got a we've got a pretty big issue. There was an article that was published by the Oxford Eagle, 05/30/2017 that had highly inaccurate information published. In fact, it was it was mainly the fault of of Alan Wilburn because he was the one that gave you all the information. And and it was libelous, on his behalf. He he spoke, inaccurately, non factually, did not use the word allegedly, and that's a he, you know, that's a big deal. He he knows better than that. I've I've confronted him about it. He doesn't have the evidence. He won't produce the evidence, and I know the burden of proof he needs to show the evidence. I I know for a fact that the things he said were were, you know, untrue, and that's what people went off of. And so I need a, you know, because just talk to Anna? Did you just did you just talk to Anna today, or was this this week? I talked to her about a week ago, and I've yet to hear from a reporter. Okay. She and I had not talked. I know that this was the start of, soccer season and football season and baseball. And we really have, just one guy Right. Who is really, that that probably handled that. And so his schedule has been nonstop. I don't know where that is in the process. That's, and, but I will, talk to Anna and figure out, who she's assigned. Okay. She may have assigned this to a freelancer. I don't know. Do y'all do y'all need some free do y'all need some freelance investigative help? We we need some free freelance. That's what we need. I got you. We we do have some we do have some paid free freelance. Yeah. Well, No. Not not really. I guess I guess what I what I need, you know, from the Oxford Eagle is to So so so, Matt, if I I tell you what, so if you'll check back with me, we're we're on deadline for today. So if you check back with me, Monday or Tuesday, I will have an answer of who that's been assigned to and what Okay. What the what the, what the status is on that. Yeah. And I need them to reach out to Alan Wilburn and try to pressure him to produce the proof. If he can't, then there obviously needs to be a correction article that goes out. Okay. Well, I, we will, we'll investigate this. Okay. Let me let's see what what's up with this. Okay. Alright. Thank you so much. Alright. Thank you. Bye bye. Alright.