Source: 20181217 121050-78DA7507.m4a
Drive file id: 1SF5_dZg5HeAVN1m-zwSHGoeDfgrrkMcQ
Batch: recroot_batch13

Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. How are you? Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Wait. Let me see. Did she call for you to come today? Oh, there she is. Oh, hey. You're welcome. I am. How you doing? Good. So, let me see. I'm just a little bit confused as far as the text messages. You said that you'll have everything to kinda prove, you know, the narrative that's going on here. Because like I explained, as soon as I can get these because this Yes. The other day Okay. Okay. And then open the other issue that we discussed Okay. Against her. But again, like I explained why I need the device to be able to download it is because this, I can't use this as that because I don't know I have no way of proving Right. That this came from her. This was your phone. There are too many loopholes. Sure. So Isn't the isn't the burden isn't the burden of proof on her though? I mean, being that I'm innocent until proven guilty, not guilty until proven innocent, shouldn't she be able to It's part of the investigation process. I got you. So, this will absolutely be able to have me close the case. Okay. But I gotta be able to show that it was sent to you from her. Right. You see what I'm saying? I understand. So completely up to you. The problem is I've got attorney client privilege, and I've got privileged, you know, conversations with attorneys over the last, three to six months, spousal privilege, confidential, you know, things between me and my spouse. Okay. And I just don't feel comfortable having to find out what it is. Okay. Are those conversations No. There are no way to answer that. This phone? Absolute not. Oh. Yeah. I'm sorry. There was that with attached with this number? No. No. That's the record that I'd be looking at. I understand. But still, you'll download the whole phone. Okay. If you don't want me to download the phone, that's fine. Because I don't have to do the long route, and I'll have to get an indictment. Or I'll have to send it down for an indictment with the DA's office and then present it to the grand jury. An indictment. Yes. Even though you even said that I had the Because I don't have the evidence. Because I don't have the evidence. Because I can't use this as the evidence. So that can't be used in a probable cause? Because what can happen is it doesn't count as probable cause because, I can use a spoofing app Mhmm. So that when I call you or text you Mhmm. I can have it show up any phone number that I choose. Understand. So if you have a separate phone, you could download that app. You can spoof your own phone, making it look like what spoofing is. It you can I can take this phone here Uh-huh? And download an app. Okay. When I open that app, it will let me pick a number or it will let me be assigned a number at random Okay. So that it doesn't show up this phone assigned a number at random Okay. So that it doesn't show up this phone number. Yeah. So I can use her cell phone number Sure. And text your phone from my phone using an Internet phone number. But can you receive text messages back when you're speaking? Yes. Really? Yes. So this can show that it's her texting, but it's really me using this app. Now what if I were to provide cell phone records from Ceasefire showing that matching up with the dates and times? I mean, that should be more than sufficient to show that that came from her number and came from my number and It'll show that you received a text. Text. It'll show me sending text too that match up with the same corresponding time and the amount of messages. Absolutely done. I will not turn any evidence that you can bring me, I will not turn it away. But the way to show without a doubt Right. Without a shadow of a doubt who is texting your phone and who you are texting is to download it so that I can show the IP address number that's associated with it. It does a world clock of when the exact time is that the text is happening. That's the way that the courts need to be able to show that it is definitely her and it is definitely you. And there is no communication in between that has been deleted so that it's only showing what you want it to show. Right. I understand. I get another day to talk to my attorney about that. Mhmm. And like I told you, just because I'm not willing to write something on your consent form, that's because I don't want it to open up a loophole that her defense attorney can use saying that I put it on there after you signed it. If you wanna put it on there when you sign it, an initial beside it, then I can absolutely allow that. So you can write anything extra that you want. But just me writing, is that actually the one that it says? It shows that that's what I'm looking at. That what what you have consented to me looking at. Absolutely. Okay. So that is that that limits what your consent is Okay. 100. Yeah. Okay. That's a mess because, like, I never asked for any of this, and I feel like my wife is just being completely exploited on, you know, just complete lies. So if she did the same thing last year, she'll do the same thing again. I mean I don't feel like my wife used to have to become an open book. You know? Just Well, I'm not things as far as not what I'm trying to do. Well, I know. I know. Not at all. And like I said, if I were to download your phone I have a bunch of other people. I don't have time to go all through your phone. I don't care. I just need what pertains to this case. Your conversation with Carla. That is that's gonna be the only evidence I need. So Okay. Completely up to you. I understand. I understand. It's just a crazy, crazy situation. I don't like it. I know. And I want to Yeah. Yeah. So that's why I'm hoping to talk to your attorney. I'm hoping that you change your mind and you'll bring the phone to me. Again, that's right. Whatever we're looking for. She's got the burden of proof to even leave an indictment forward based on how flawed her story was, the narrative and everything. I'm telling you that was the direction that was given to me by the assistant district attorney when I gave him the facts of the case. I thought you said there was nothing there. He said send the packet down so that we can present it to the grand jury because she's crazy enough. If I don't do that, then without Right. So that's where I'm at. Okay. Alright. Well, I'll, call him back. He's he's a he's somebody that actually dealt with her in the past on my child custody Right. Stuff. And, I noticed that when if you were to write the stipulations on the consent to search form, any search I do that's outside of what you write on that consent to search form, I'm I try to put it in court for anything because then you have documented proof, and I'm happy to give you a copy of it. You have documented proof that you did not consent to that. So that is an illegal search. Right. Okay. Well, I'm calling back, and I'll get with you on I'll get with you tomorrow. Okay. Alright? You have a great day. Okay? Thank you.