Source: 20200707 025646-2FA250E1.m4a
Drive file id: 1Y6LCKJ0X6m8sQjuJDu9VcNljA-NgBgX7
Batch: recroot_batch13

I wanted to find out the answer to that question too. Clayton O'Donnell. Yes, sir. It's Matt Reardon calling back. I I'd wanted to make sure that I did not miss your call. I'd realized my phone had died for a little while and, Are you who are you? I'm sorry, Matt. Who are you looking for? Is this David O'Donnell? No. No. I'm I'm I'm just working in the office. Do you want me to get him for you? Yes, sir. He was supposed to call me back before the end of the day on a, FOIA request that the sheriff's department wasn't compliant on. Alright. Hold on one second. Okay. This is David. Hey, mister O'Donnell. It's Matt Reardon. Hey. Hey, Ed. I have not, looked at about to look at it. There's one document that relates to that call. It wasn't really a call. It was an investigation. So there's a series of actions by the investigator. I have to take a look at it to determine whether or not the document is subject to production. So but I did confirm, Matt, that there was no recording on a phone call. Okay. I I don't understand how a call coming into the the sheriff's department taken you know, that was that was called into the sheriff's department, how there's recordings of everything else that comes in there, but somehow that that call and see and and and why they wouldn't even just say that from the beginning if that was actually truly the case. I I think there is a call. Well, that's I'm being told there was was not. And I'll give you an example. Like, we get requests all the time for, like, 911 calls to come in. Those are all recorded, but they're all not subject to production. They're not public documents. K. I think if there's a statute that, you know, details all of that kind of thing. There's also a legal there's also a legal a recording. There's also a legal precedence that that, you know, when it comes to things such as that, that that, you know, the evidence is not is not produced, you know, that that it's a, I'm trying to remember what the name of that is. I was I was it was explained to me that, the courts are are advised to weigh in favor, in this case of me, you know, if the evidence is not, you know, is is does not turn up. Yeah. And I understand what you're saying, and that like, that's why I said before, it's one thing to request something pursuant to the Public Records Act. It's quite another to serve a subpoena for documents. Right. And that was the next The subpoena for documents, is is most of the time more expensive in its ability to reach documents than the Public Records Act is. And that was the next step I was gonna take is I was gonna have to have I was gonna have to go the route of subpoenaing it. I just I I was hoping that the county would at least, you know, show a forthright effort and, you know, letting me know something, not dragging their feet and dragging it on for for weeks on end knowing that my my statute of limitations clock is is steadily ticking down. Well, I understand. You know? And, we have to be consistent in how we administer. The fact that you are personally involved really is no doesn't support or detract your right to these documents. Even though I know emotionally, personally, you know, since they do involve you for the most part, that's I I think actually all of it is. Yeah. You know, I can understand the feeling that you'd be entitled to that information, but that's not strictly true. I mean, I I can I'm I'm fully prepared to go the subpoena route. I I'm not it's something that I was already prepared to do. I just, you know, it's it's it's more of you know, this thing has been a a double standard hypocrisy since since day one. The the legal system here in this city has drawn down partisan lines. It's it's all it's it's all political. And I've I've determined that, do numerous examples, you know, over the past, you know, several months. And, you know, prime example, I just got and I don't know why because the county was was about two weeks late past the deadline on on producing these. And, actually, the county had had printed these records last Tuesday, the twenty third, and still sat on them for a week before they even gave them to me. But, I requested all the the police reports filed by Phyllis Crowder over the last seven years, because she has developed a habit a a pattern of making false reports. She's under indictment right now, actually going to trial for filing a false rape, charge against me back in 2018. And the year before, she tried to put a false molestation accusation against me. And and then through these 17 documents that, you know, I just went through, that I got yesterday, I mean, it's one after the other. At least 15 of the 17 are just completely gaffed off lies. Even the officers in their reports are you know, it's it's like they can they can tell she's just batshit crazy, just making another false report. And, you know, it's just it's a double standard that Lafayette County can allow that to go on and not even pursue her for filing false reports for making false reports. And and it's like it's it's just protection after protection for everybody else, but then I get hemmed up on a completely made up bogus charge. Without a doubt benefited four parties, including Lafayette County and sheriff's deputy Timmy Pruitt, the mayor, Robin Tannehill, her husband, Frank and Marley's, Todd and Ashley Lynch, and then Liz Crowder with I haven't seen my child since January. Even though CPS categorically, you know, denies that any of the things that she's trying to make claims to to the sheriff's department, she's unfairly kept my child from me. So it's just it's ridiculous. It's just been ploy after ploy to to, you know, just destroy my rights. Well, I appreciate what you just said, and I I think you'll be hearing from Lisa Carlisle probably within the hour. Okay. Maybe thirty minutes or so. I'm I've got it in front of me. I just haven't looked at it. And, but at least they did confirm to me that they said there was no recording. I know you take issue with that, but that's what I'm being told. Yeah. She'll confirm she'll confirm that with you in writing. I just you know, I I think that, honestly, they would have told me that way earlier instead of just me having to request it three or four different times and going through the the steps that I had to go through. I like if there was no recording, it would have been easy to tell me that from the beginning. Yeah. Understood. But, I I I would like to I would like to know this too. John Hill, deputy John Hill, who's the acting sheriff that that took over for Buddy after Buddy passed away. When did when did he retire? I can't seem to get that. I I called up there looking for him just now, and they said that he he no longer is there and that he retired, but they wouldn't get him. Matt, I think that was sometime in December Okay. When he retired. Do you know how I can get in touch with him? What's that? Do you know how I can get in touch with him? I do not other than through the sheriff's department. Okay. They would have any direct contact. My my number for him was always with the sheriff's office. Okay. Because he he also witnessed an assault, that took place on the 05/30/2017 where I was, you know, shackled in an orange jumpsuit like a prisoner at Guantanamo Bay outside of a restraining order hearing that had just got continued, and it infuriated Ray Tannehill that much, made it that personal. He charged at me while I was shackled in an orange jumpsuit like the weak person that he clearly is. And and, you know, John was supposed to have made a police report of this, whether or not that happened. Yeah. I I do know John's around. I saw him him probably about a month and a half ago. Okay. So I do need I do know he's still around here. So Okay. It shouldn't be that difficult to get ahold of him. Gotcha. Okay, sir. Alright. Okay. Well, good luck. Alright. Thank you. Okay. Alright. Goodbye.