Source: 20200818 133136-860AE5DC.m4a
Drive file id: 1J7_9n4ct3Fj6kEAr7Ik-2xMUYI6qvHXs
Batch: recroot_batch13

Olive Ranch. Olive Branch, please. Hi. Is captain driver in? Let's check. Alright. Hold on. K. Sir, can I tell her who's calling? Tell her it's the outlaw. Okay. Hold on. Captain captain driver. What's up? It's the outlaw. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey. I wanted to, I wanted to touch base. Have you been following along? You've been following along? Not really. Not really. It's getting juicy. I think so did you work? That's a good thing. That's a good thing. I'm ready for this stuff to get wrapped up. Here it is. Tomorrow's gonna be a bad day for me because tomorrow is actually Lydia's birthday. Sixth birthday, I haven't I still have yet to see her since January, middle ways through January. Yeah. So it's, it's craziness, but I have looked into, like, filing a 1985, conspiring to to remove civil rights, lawsuit against against her. I think that that that fits probably pretty spot on to the tee for the part that she played and everything. So Alright. You gonna do that through an attorney? Actually, believe it or not, so up to this point, I've done every one of my filings on my own. I filed a, filed post conviction relief, then I filed a, then the judge who should have been recused from the case due to conflict of interest, prejudicially denied it even though it was assigned to another judge. So I filed for a rehearing under Mississippi rule 59, and then I filed a motion for recusal on Thursday. So I I don't have any response back. Ready to send it up to the Supreme Court. I've got all the standing and all the the case law to to back it up. So, very, very positive about the outcome even though they're pushing back as hard as they can against me. Yeah. Hey. I wanted to ask you something. So there is somebody that was a see, I'd actually had worked with her husband over at the transportation, collection firm. And, so just just do association. You know, we had some cookouts. My wife kind of became somewhat friends with with this lady that passed away. She was a grandmother. It was, I believe, back in March, if I'm if I'm remembering correctly. And what we had understood see, this this girl had sticky fingers. And, there was a certain cell phone of my wife's that, came up missing. It was an iPhone XR. The deceased, her name was Carrie Darnell. Okay. And it was our understanding from her husband, that there was, several things that were in the possession of the Olive Branch Police Department. We found out after she died that she did, in fact, she was she was, in fact, in possession of of that phone, so it was my wife's. I was trying to see Is there any way that you if there's any way that she can get it back, like, what or if, you know, if y'all even have any evidence up there to the fact. I'm sure that y'all would have probably, he is I believe he's out in Arizona, the last thing I saw on on, Facebook. It's either Arizona or California, one of the two. Yeah. Because I've been trying to get a hold of him because this phone that we do have is turned on in Carrie's name. Is it an iPhone XR? Because she didn't actually own an iPhone. It was no. Yeah. She it's probably her Android. Oh, no. Who's your wife? It's Madeline right here. Yeah. I don't know what that phone was. It's an iPhone. It's not a XR. Mine was coral colored. It was a coral. No. This one is black. Yeah. That was one of an old one she had or something. I don't know. If she had a come over to the house, because, you know, Matt worked with Damien. And, anyway, they'd come over to the house, wanting to to bring the girls or the well, Bailey and I think I can't remember. Wesley. Wesley. Yeah. Yeah. Swimming. And when they were at our house, she apparently had stolen a couple of things, and several things, actually, like my my watch, my Apple Watch that she actually ended up giving back. Yeah. It was a big mess. Apparently, she was on drugs pretty bad. She was on drugs pretty bad. Yeah. And and, unfortunately, it was sad because I I told my wife, I said, you know, unfortunately, I don't think rehab's gonna help her. I think that it's gonna take a near death experience for her to wake up if it doesn't kill her. Yeah. Well, the worst thing possible could've happened. Yep. And it's it was a shock whenever I found out because I didn't even find out about it until weeks and weeks later when Damien was doing a live stream. And I just happened to see it on my news feed, and I jumped on there, and somebody had commented, you know, talking about No. He was like he said something about, Carrie. Yeah. He he said something about, you know, Carrie in in regards to her passing on or somebody had said something to the fact of it. And and that was that was like a It's weird. Yeah. That was a Anyway Okay. So y'all do not have a y'all do not have an iPhone x r? No. I actually have her iPhone on my desk because I've been trying to call him, and this is the iPhone six. Okay. I would suggest I don't even I don't even have his his number. The last time I had spoken to him was on Facebook. I know that he he he occasionally riding with the outlaw. But I don't even know I don't know if he's got the same number, or if he's the number her mom gave me, I never have been able to get a hold of him. I'm sure he probably has a new number by now because from our understanding, he was supposed to be leaving that he wanted to leave town because of, I guess, his son or the mom of the son. It was, it's crazy. I don't even I don't know what else is going on, but something about the son and the mom was trying to take him or get custody of him. So Yeah. Yeah. Let's see what I'm I've known Damien for a long time. His uncle was a good friend of mine. Yeah. He's a he's a wild he's a wild cat. I'll tell you that. We called him we we used to call him the we used to call him the CBO up at, Alexander Wynton and Associates, the chief bullshit officer. And, you know, he he had that that voice that would just radiate through the office, like, just loud. I mean, I could tell from just knowing him, but I could probably tell if I didn't know him that that a lot of what he said was just, I mean, just plain bullshit. But Yeah. He was cool with that. Oh, yeah. He was. He's he was a a nice, likable guy, though. You know, you couldn't help but like him. And and that was very weird. Yeah. Especially at, IHOP. He used to have people come in and ask for him all the time. I know we used to when I was working up at Alexander Wynton Associates and he was still working at IHOP, we used to go in there on the weekends, and that was the only reason we went. We never went to IHOP before then. But Yeah. He'd take care of you for sure. Absolutely. Well, yeah, if, if if I hear from you, I'll certainly let him know to reach out to you whether or not he does. I don't know I don't know the ins and outs of everything. I don't know if if he's if he's being sought for anything or what. But Yeah. No. I mean, we took, of course, we took some narcotic paraphernalia in, just said iPhone there. I've been trying to get a hold of him to give it back to him. Yeah. So Okay. Yeah. The it was I mean, it was probably I think the last time when I actually talked to him on the phone, and I believe it was on a Facebook Messenger call, I wanna say it was maybe April or beginning of May. You know, stuff that y'all had up there. Like, we were trying to I wanted to kinda gently ask about the phone, you know, without just sounding rude. How do you approach that that topic? Yeah. Because I didn't want to accuse somebody that, you know, I didn't especially that's not allowed now. And and I didn't I didn't wanna think that she would do that, but then again, given the track record, like, I don't know. I just I guess I think you you don't steal from your friends, first of all. This is just not nice, obviously, but we're not, you know, we're not very friend friends. So then it was kind of like, well, she probably would steal from me just because we're not you know? So I don't know. It was a weird situation, and I didn't know if if she did do it because I'd I'd put it up somewhere because it was we weren't using that phone anymore. It was a ceasefire phone, and we'd switched companies. And so the phone wasn't really usable until it was unlocked. Basically, I put it up somewhere, and they were over not a couple days later. So and and then I was searching for it for some reason. I don't remember what. But, and it was never found. Even when we moved, it was not found. So I was like, somebody must have taken it. So that's probably everything. Carrie had it. And then, we got confirmation that, yes, she did have it from, a friend of theirs. So yeah. Oh, captain driver. Yes, sir. So, yes, how everything was going. Let me tell you what I did yesterday. I, so I inked a I inked a letter to the US attorney of the Northern District, William Lamar. And I put in there that, whether I receive a response or not, that come the twenty sixth is an open letter that is getting is getting forwarded to, the United States Department of Justice addressed to attorney general William Barr, because, you know, for six weeks, they refused to give me a callback. And I was calling up there leaving messages, and, it's a I think it's a pretty a pretty straight laid out, straight to the point. I mean, spot on letter. Yeah. Do you know do you have any idea on what do you have any idea on what, Liz and and see. She's got Christie McCoy. She's a high pro high well, not high profile, but she's not afraid to walk into the lion's den either. So we've we it's it's gonna be, you know, it's gonna be a clash of the alphas, I'm sure. But, but she's a victim advocate attorney, and I've I've kinda, you know, tried to to find out from Christie. I mean, she was when I when I was at the court meeting the last time with Ryan, he said, you know, if I can see proof of of where she had conspired this, where she had, planned this, that, you know, Christy, she's she's just gonna probably go away. She's gonna drop off, because she is a victim advocate attorney. She gets she gets funding from the state to represent victims. And, you know, I think that, you know, representing somebody, especially using money for for, that's that was given through the state more than likely to help victims on somebody that's actually creating victims, you know, is and for her to have known, I just I feel like there's gonna be some type of theatrics that I can't think of any other way that they would be dragging this out and and her, you know, basically, having everything open back up, you know, having to deal with the humiliation of that on something that, you know, the recording or recordings and all the text messages, I mean, she admits to it. Ma'am. Have you ever seen any kinda have you ever seen any similar thing like that before so I can kinda Man, I tell you, I've seen so much crap. I couldn't begin to remember all the crap I've seen. But, I mean, you got a are y'all going to chancery court for custody or anything like that? I have yet to file anything. We are right now, at the current moment, we are staying with Maddie's grandmother, helping her out. She has a broken shoulder. So if I if I go and I file anything in Chancery Court, I feel like I'm piercing the veil there because that opens up the opportunity for her to exploit, you know, where I'm living, that I don't have you know, we don't exactly have a I gotcha. A house of our own, and I feel like that's gonna hurt my my opportunity in in in getting full custody. And it's like, you know, once I open this thing up and I and I go after her for for contempt, then I better go ahead and go after, you know, getting full custody at the same time. Right. So it's kinda it's got me pinned between a rock and a hard place. Plus, with all these filing deadlines and everything else, it's like, you know, I almost wanna kinda deal with all the stress and and try to get a get moved into a house before I do it. But, I mean, here, it's seven months later. I mean, when do I draw the line? Right. So it's it's a mess. It's a mess. That's why I said, I mean, I'm interested to see whatever kind of theatrics get get played. I I told Christy McCoy, I said, you know, as long as y'all play y'all don't y'all don't pull any any kind of surprise attack and try to attack my character. But the second you do that, you're piercing the veil. Let me warn you. Right. So I guess you're in their ballpark right now. I guess you're in their ballpark right now. You gotta do whatever. You know? Yeah. But there's a there's a limit there's a limit to that. Just you know me. I'm not afraid to walk into the lines then. So, yeah, I just wanna touch base with you and check on that. Yeah. You're kinda in a catch 22, aren't you? I really am. I really am. I just put out a new video last night, and I'm gonna run it live, later today, probably in the in the next within the next hour. But it's a nice little forty minute, special. It's the I call it the jigsaw. It's the the final key piece of evidence prior to me resting my case. And it's you know, I've done about everything that I can do. I've produced everything. Right now, it's just a waiting game to see if William Lamar actually responds to this letter. If not, I'm sending it to, William Barr up in DC, and and, I'll I'll be filing my appeal with the Supreme Court, and I've got I've got several. I've got a lot of case law backing it up. They have broken every single, basically, procedure and the MCRP. And, I mean, at what point is enough do you draw the line on, okay. This court should've they should've known, definitely by now, you know, after four or five, six clerical errors, and I haven't done the first clerical error, and I'm not even understanding. You know? What how could it be any more blatantly clear? So yep. Yeah. And that's the thing is I it's it's kinda like it's it's strategy because I don't wanna I don't wanna have to open myself up to any of that by filing too soon. But at the same time, at what point is it, you know, me waiting too long and almost showing a lack of care for waiting too long? Of course, it's not the case. But yeah. I certainly will. Alright. You too, Kevin. Bye.