Source: 20200819 210700-A389FD11.m4a
Drive file id: 1QzWs4mcgf5h_cEAEDhdaE32h5Z13HU2b
Batch: recroot_batch13

I can't believe you did that. I know. It was pretty quick. How do you do that? I think I might have actually dropped a bag of weed out of my pocket. Oh my god. I'm not going out there anymore. No. No. No. Not out there. Not out there. Any? No. Back in, back to your grandmother's house. I just don't know where. I would have dropped it. That shit overwhelmed me. You got it in your cell. I heard. You smoke? Sure. I've smoked in a little bit. I locked myself out of the house. Well, did you get your keys finally? Oh. Did you get your keys finally? You said you locked yourself out, so you I looked at the locked them saw my flashlight. So they were in here? Yeah. My flashlight too. I needed my flashlight so I could see in the door. I was looking for my flashlight too. There's no light in there. Oh my god. I was freaking out. I was thinking I was never gonna oh my god. You wanna know what I did? I kicked the door. Been there. Done that. It did not move. I got back in my car. See, the story with us is we went grocery shopping. We had all the kids with us. Get back. Kids are in the car, and they're wanting to get in. They're cranky. And, I ended up going to Walmart real quickly, finding that thing, coming back with it as a butter knife, or what was that? Oh my god. Shit. Yep. I didn't even take a second. So it was I can't remember if I did it or no. I did it. I did it. That door was a lot easier over there because it was already cut out like it had been already shimmied into, like, a million times, but that was pretty easy. Thought about filming a YouTube video, you know? He's about to listen to music before you did. I was about to yeah. I was about to listen to music. I'm musically I'm musically whoever I was watching this. There's nobody else there. I know, but I felt like I was never gonna get in this house either. Shit. Man. How long have you been waiting? I'm, like, thirty minutes. It's crazy as I wasn't even in, like, a super rush. I was trying to finish up what I was doing. But I knew I could get that thing open. And I still got it open. Probably in less time driving out here. Oh, it's fucking that blunt. I am too. And that was I hope I hope I can find that. I hope I can find that where you you call Maddie's. I was in my yard here a little while. I just don't want a grandmother to find it, although it's the better of two evils. Hey. Will you check around and see if, make sure that bag of weed didn't fall out on the other. Is it even better? Okay. Okay. I thought I put it in the pocket. Now I got out of here and realized the it wasn't in the right and the left has a hole and it wasn't left. So got that door open in a wrecking time. Although I was although I was fucking around with the, with the earbuds, trying to get the earbuds to work terribly with my phone. Now they're sorted. Trying to put myself in a groove, you know, so it takes a certain little little feel and touch to get it open. Mhmm. Alright. Cool. Alright. Head in there now. Alright. Bye. You ever had one of those? What? What is that? It's like a sausage wrapped up in a roll. Yeah. What? Like a like a pastry like a pastry roll. Yeah. Those, I love going to Shipley's around five in the morning, six. They'll hand me a dozen that literally it'll start burning my legs through the box. Like, they just came out of the oven. No. In fact, I honestly, I really don't know any judge besides the ones that were either corrupt over here or that's about it. Now this judge in Pontotoc is cool as shit. So I'm after court. I was walking through the clerk section. Hey. Hello? Now is it still in the, now is it still in the phone? I must have butt or, finger dialed, arm dialed her. Finger dialed her, butt dialed her. Oh my god. What did you say? Do you remember? Oh, I was talking about, kolaches. Pops. I was talking about kolaches first. Oh, yeah. This is crazy. This this is gonna be like an epic two days. Like, I don't I don't know that I'm gonna be able to get it all done. You're saying that the FBI is in? I don't know that I'm gonna be able to keep myself from jumping out my fucking skin. I don't know if it's gonna be through excitement or anxiousness or fucking scared for my life. My kids come on, Jay. Look at this house. Got a lot of shit. I know. I know. I know. I can't believe you got in here. Yeah. So, yeah, I got got that. Then I gotta show up to court at 01:30 as a walk in for, I didn't realize that I had missed court for Walmart thing by one day. I thought it was the day following, the day that I went up there to, you know, go see about getting a continuance. And she said, quote, it was actually yesterday. Oh. So yeah. Warrant. Well, a bench warrant, I think, is initially cut because, you know, it's a misdemeanor. I didn't show up to court. So they it was an automatic. I was guilty. I wasn't trying to skip, but, you know, it's also something that these I don't trust these officers over here to hang over my head. So I went ahead and I went up to court last Friday or on Friday. And what do you know? Lo and behold, fucking, somebody said in the middle of court, I guess they were they were if they're sentencing or whatever, said that just two days ago, they got diagnosed with coronavirus. And so people fucking just just darted out of the courtroom. The judge freaking disappeared. Do you have corona? No. Are you sure? Yeah. I think coronavirus is the biggest fucking hoax ever played on America. Have you seen that? That's what I say. But you know Mississippi's Mississippi's the highest state in The United States. Yeah. They say that. Yeah. I will in Mississippi, so don't that make you kinda cautious? I mean, yeah. I mean, yeah. No. Oh, That's the worst feeling in the world. Yeah. Especially when you can't get in and the door and it don't move. Fuck. Yeah. Man, that hot spot's hook hooked up fast. I burnt the this is my third data plan this month. Third over five days' time. Paid $35 each time you get 25 more. I just, I mean, if I don't have any Internet, which is kind of the case at the moment until MaxSales or AT and T hooks up. Both of them have said they would. AT and T wanted to play games with me. I think they came through for me. I didn't buy the penny, but I just cut it off. Yeah. There are things not quite adding I don't know why that. Oh my god. What's gonna say about curving? I've been saying that for the better part of I did this one, like, three months ago. Not quite adding though. I think it's actually in March. There are things that should definitely not be I think it's actually the end of March. They're things that should definitely not be trusting. Definitely not casting doubt that COVID nineteen is a serious virus. It spread much like any virus would. It flew by itself as Spaniard's lips, but I believe Six minutes long. CGI. I believe there's No. It makes a lot of sense, there's been which so easily stays tucked away from public knowledge That's crazy, man. I actually published that as a COVID nineteen update. Like, Facebook let me well, that one that one's not that much. That one's only that's 3,500 views. I republished it July 26, so, like, a week, 3,500 views. Hi. Did you ever get any money when you did that pass on? Chance in hell pulling off a win. GoFundMe. It's funny it's funny you ask that question because believe it or not, I got a random donation yesterday of, like, $30, and I accepted it. I hit the heart. And then, like, an hour after that, I got a refund request. And it's like Have you refunded that? No. We're sleeping with Penny. Because it's like, I dedicate that money, okay, into ads, into Facebook ads. Talk about how a poor con And would be the biggest opportunity to Clearly, you're trying to give it if you send me a cash app. There's no way you make a mistake about that. There's too many things that you have to click and confirm before you send money. So why the fuck would I, you know, you send me money and then me turn around and then And then it'd be the first time that he ever sent it to you. It's I'm good, man. Yes. I'm too. I'm high as fuck. Where do they got them? Called kolaches. C, k o l k o l a c h e. China. Where are you getting them at? Ship leaks will have them in a couple of months. They don't have them back yet. But there's you don't know. It's it's down on a little more. Oh, shit, man. Oh, shit. Ready for fat? Oh, yeah. Friday, I'm not careful with those at all in the slightest bit. You wanna drink those? What you got? Yeah. I will get a dot touch phone. And, yeah. Coke works for me. Thank you, ma'am. You're welcome. Tell Blake tell Blake I said I said I've been thinking about him. Missing it. I'm missing him out of that out of that hand. I'm a send Maddie, but I just don't need writing a letter. Like, we're, like, doing. Okay. And they're not they're not doing, like, visitation visitation, are they? Yeah. Tell him I said what's up. Can he write me? Yeah. My email? No. That's all me and his sister. Oh, yeah. Mine's easy. It's mad@mattreardon.com. Got you. Got you. Okay. Alright. Will do. Send me the number whenever you get a chance, and I'll because I wanna reach out to him. Why you gotta make it hard for me? You know you got the number. Oh, fuck. This is almost the perfect, fascist playbook. Control the population of fear mongering and control the media, spread propaganda and weapon control. Common flu has killed more people this year already. Media is silent. A handful of deaths out of three hundred and twenty million Americans, and we are in a panic, tearing down our society, costing our economy billions of dollars in the wake. Seems very good, very well timed, if you ask me. So I have a message for our president. So I have a message for our president, the commander in