Source: 20200707 020128-A3C99326.m4a
Drive file id: 15zH6huJy1Y-2k6x8hWW1qIAjYFumjtmV
Batch: recroot_batch13

It's gotta be on there. That's our lawyer where you mailed it to. Oh, okay. What is the address? 120 Spring Trail. Okay. Because there's a show when she started paying oh, Yeah. I I don't know how that happened because I was not here. And the girl that works with me that's out today, she was not here. I don't know what happened on this. I'm gonna let you help this gentleman. We're gonna text her right quick. Okay. Well, I'll tell you what. He has a doctor's appointment at Warren. Okay. And, Well, let me ask you this. Okay. We have the d, but I have the wrong deed. That's fine. Let me ask you this. The girl, hopefully, she'll be back tomorrow morning. Okay. Is it too much trouble for you to come back in the morning and talk to her? Then this may be something that you have to talk to her or my manager about. No. It shows it's been in her name since '14. Well, I know. I don't know. Well, she won't have a receipt for 2018. May have been under y'all's name and whoever was working here at the time instead of making her set up a new service, a new deposit, they just went in and changed it to her name where it looks like she's had it. Yeah. She's not hadn't had it at at all according to, you know, what it looks like. And I don't I wanna change back. The reason is she's already in work behind the rent. So it it it's gonna be mailed to her and all that. And see, it's it's been changed to her name, so she's the only one that's on here. Well, would you just make a note to somebody because Yeah. I will. I can actually show you Yeah. If you've got something showing all that, maybe when she started renting. What? I mean, you don't just know. That. So she was a friend and Okay. We she don't even have a deposit. But I can show you when we bought the house in 2014, and we live there. And we got see, I found my light water deposit this morning. Okay. Normally, water, can you hold a moment? We'll be back. You We'll we'll be back. If if you can tomorrow, say, anytime after 08:00, because if if she's here, she'll be here by eight. What's her first name? Her name is Maxine. Maxine. Okay. I'll call her call because you'll probably start with her, and you may have to talk to the maidens. That's fine. But it looks like instead of whoever I say she your maidens set up it up. Here's I don't know what they did. So that's not even the last name she's given us. You see, we don't transfer anything. What they did in '14, I have not a clue. Well, we're gonna tell her to call you and get it back. Okay. So she calls you, but we're gonna text her on the way to the doctor. Okay. Thank you so much, Lisa. Uh-huh. Y'all have a good rest of the day. Thank you. How are you? I need to speak with the manager up here. Not here. Okay. I need to figure out somebody's got an issue up here, a big issue. The day that this letter was drafted up, when I had a a bank error and it caused the the check to return for just establishing service. It's not like I I was even behind a month or anything like that. They came out to my house on the twenty fifth, the day of this letter Uh-huh. And turned off the water. They wouldn't even give me so much as an hour to even come up here and take care of it, and this damn thing says remit to us by 10AM on twelve nine. And I brought the cash, the $175 cash up here that day, November 25, when this letter by y'all clearly says I had till December 9 before the water got turned off to pay. But they came up there that day, no sooner than this letter was drafted on the twenty fifth, and actually turned my water off and I got three kids. Wouldn't even hear me out to even say, Hey, can you give me an hour to come up there and take care of it before you turn the water off? They didn't have a single bit of care in their mind. Okay. So but you did come up here today? Yeah. But the whole thing is Okay. But you paid the $1.75 plus the 25? No. I paid the 175 total. It's a $150 check that I wrote. Yes. Okay. Yeah. But it's principal. Yeah. I got I got kids, and it's this time of the year. You got water now. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. This time of the year, and I got kids. Uh-huh. And, you know, I was this letter gave me two weeks to come and take care of it where they came up there acting like it was an emergency turning it off right then and there wouldn't wouldn't give me even so much as an hour to come up here and take care of it with you guys like I like I asked the guys that came out there. They said, no. We've got orders to turn it off right now. Yeah. I mean, if that's what they're told, they have to do. So then what's the point of like, literally, this is I know. I don't I don't know because I don't handle that part. And like I was telling them, she's out today. She's sick. Her name is Madison. Okay. Hopefully, she'll be back tomorrow. I want my $25 draft fee back is what I want. That's ridiculous to give me a two week window and come out that day and not even give me so much. Even telling him I had kids, not even giving me so much as as an hour to come up here and pay you in cash. Well, the manager, I'm gonna say he'll be here probably within the next thirty minutes. What's his name? His name is Tommy. Tommy? Or you wanna call up here and talk to him? I mean Yeah. I wanna speak to him because that's all I can do. Somebody somebody wanted an issue when they did that because that's, I mean, that's that's uncalled for. It's absolutely uncalled for. I mean, I wasn't I I didn't wanna have any kind of issues with y'all. I came up here and I paid it in cash. I mean, things happen, but to go out there right away, literally, probably no more than thirty minutes after this this letter was drafted up and turned my water off and not even give me so much as a courtesy of coming up here and paying in cash right away is just ridiculous. Like I said, I don't know. I I don't do that part, so I really don't know what to tell you. I mean, if you wanna try coming back up here in about thirty minutes or if you wanna call him Okay. You know, I'm gonna say he should be here by then within probably the next thirty minutes. I got you. But, but, yeah, the girl that does the letter and does all of that, she like I said, she's out. I know. She works across the hall. Oh, I know. She seemed like she was quite the pleasant one. I don't know what her damn issue is. But, yeah, that's who I'd really love to get a hold of. Okay. Alright. Yeah. I'll, I'll come back up here and speak to Tony. Okay. Thank you. Uh-huh. You're welcome. Hey. You aren't Tommy, are you? No. Okay.