Source: 20200707 025653-9FEDAEE7.m4a
Drive file id: 1b7z9myOvegyva5ufxbjplD1vh4UTkUJc
Batch: recroot_batch13

This is a civil matter. I don't want any y'all keep you cool. Right. I want it from civil. Okay. Alright. Let's pray. Yes, ma'am. Alright, mister Ritchie. Why did you file this suit against Madeline McAdee? Because he didn't he didn't pay the rent on time. And when I asked him for the rent between the first and the fifth, He told me that he would pay me on the sixth. Well, on the sixth, he would not answer, respond, or do anything, or contact me at all. So I go knock on this door in the afternoon and ask for my rent. He comes to the door and bless me out with a few choice words, telling me to get off his property. So I did, and I got this to prove what happened that that day. And after that, the judge called the lights, I noticed, were cut off last Tuesday. So I figured by that, they had moved out. Therefore, I needed to clean up the refrigerator because I'm afraid it didn't fall. And so I had to go in and clean out the refrigerator, so I had a lady do that for me. And so far as trespassing, that's trespassing. I didn't know no better because I just started I just started doing this rent in the last couple of years. He's the first person I've ever had a problem out of. Okay. Okay. So I know the power was off whenever I went over there. There was no doubt. So your tenants have to play their own, Yeah. Yeah. I don't have nothing to do with firewood. I'm out. Okay. After I saw there was no lights on, I actually called the policemen and asked them who's the power of that address. They said, yes, sir. So that's when I said, well, I'd pay at least clean it for refrigerator. He said, what's going on? And I've got pictures of what you can see of the big piss that was thrown in there if you'd like to look at them. Alright. But, basically, all I want him to do is move out and put my parts ice maker parts back on my refrigerator. And he said, while I was up here earlier, he said he had already moved. Whatever I gotta do, he will move. I can live without the ice maker parts if I have to. But I I really it ain't fair to me for that to be taken. Okay. We'll just leave that out then. Okay. You know, this is not the first time. So you have moved out? We've got a still got some stuff over there. It's been a process of moving stuff out. Basically, I'm I'm having to wear 10 hats. My wife is eight months pregnant. She's high risk. And so I'm very limited as to having to work, be the sole provider for a family of four, and, also move stuff at the same time. From the beginning, when we moved in, we moved in on the sixth. What what do you have in the in the house? Just just a few more personal belongings. I've got a Kia Soul. So, I mean, we I did originally get a, a U Haul, and I wanted to get all the big stuff out in that. And I had anticipated it taking less trips. You know, my vehicle. We moved to Saltillo. But got a few more things to get. Got some stuff outside of the house. But in regards to the rent being owed, on the we moved into the house on the October 6, and, we paid, like I said, we paid the first month. He disguised a You just moved in in October? October. Yes, ma'am. So November 1, mister Ritchie started calling me and texting me and my wife for asking us about rent. Actually, it was pay the November rent? Well, no, ma'am. It wasn't even a month when he was when he was called asking about rent. Hadn't even hit thirty days yet. And this is after he'd already started rummaging through our stuff on our property two days after we moved in. Then came back another time, decided, I've got a conversation between me and him, on my RingCentral, the way it records the phone calls, where he's, admitting to to stacking the stuff up on the deck. But but you you, you're saying though that you did not owe did not pay your November rent. You have not paid it. I did not pay because I was he retaliated whenever I filed the the, harassment charges against him. Retaliated the next morning by pinning a three day notice to the door. Of course, when when we're harassed and we feel threatened, then I had to file harassment charges on him. I mean, at that point, he'd already pinned the three day notice to the door. I figured before we could take it up in court. I mean, legitimately, the I came and saw the judge. The judge signed off on it. It's on file here at the court. I mean, we're losing our deposit here. That $350 of it, he called a a move in fee. You know, we're already just just stricken with all kinds of expenses. Never planned on, you know, having to having to move right away as soon as we move down here because of a landlord that's that's harassing us and intruding on our property. We have the right to to privacy. We have the right to freedom. And I have his his ice auger. The only reason I have it is because, I was transporting ice over to the new place because the ice machine wasn't working. And that was just the easiest way to to move the ice at the time. I'm not disputing having the the ice auger. In fact, I was gonna bring that with me, and I I forgot this morning on the way here to court. Okay. I think I put you. I put you. You do owe me no longer rent. You must have everything out of that Good. In regards to the move in fees. Do what? In regards to the move in fees. We had to pay, $500 and and it was a he split it up between a a what he called a move in fee and a and a deposit. I mean, I don't think it's it's it's very clear, and the landlord intended that about what the landlord's rights are. And, clearly, he even admitted here in the court this morning that, he has come on the property. Okay. So maybe My address. He can do whatever he wants to do. So in regards to, you know, the harassment, the trespassing, being a landlord, all that gets overlooked? Or I mean, you you rented a property. You don't live what the I don't care what the landlord does. You gotta pay rent. Of course. But we also I mean, one thing if I didn't have if if if I didn't have paperwork backing me in this and and the harassment that we faced, we had he he retaliated. This was land this was no more than a case of landlord retaliation. Well, I've already been made down a long time time ago. Well, we weren't even there a month. That's separate stuff other than this case. He he's just on the property here. So any other issues, you'd have to take them up against him separately. Okay? Okay. Alright. Sir? Yes. Yeah. Take every last minute. Hello? Hello?