Source: f55abaf3ad254af59c0a42d90cc5ad09.m4a
Drive file id: 1DeHjt03RSsczks8np7gQzzJx-Jq6wwga
Batch: recroot_batch13

He is on a phone call right now. K. Can I give you our number? Do you wanna give him a callback a a little bit? Or Yeah. What's, what's the number? It's 869-5431. 5431. Uh-huh. Okay. 2. 2. And what's his name? Rex Smith. Rex Smith. Okay. I've been a resident of Saltillo since October, and sadly, I don't know the mayor's name. But, but, yeah, it's this is an atrocity with with North Lee Water. They're they're having a heyday. They're they're making light of it. They're bragging about turning off people's water. They're saying they brought in four or five crews to go and shut off water, and I got three kids at the house. Our our house, we had we had new owners come in and buy the house, and they wanna doze the house and put up offices. Our air conditioner went out about two months ago. And three kids, one of them being a baby, the water is the only thing to kinda keep us cool. You know, whenever it gets really hot, we had to put fans throughout the house. And Yep. Northly Water. Northly Water. And I even told them that, and we're willing to pay, but they're not willing to waive the $50 reconnection fee. They're wanting to profit off of the pandemic, sticking to their guns. They're saying the board of Alderman approved the fee. They're just enforcing it. And it's ridiculous to you know, in light of the first day, you know, when they got approval to do disconnects for them to go out and bring all these people in to go and do cutoffs, to laugh about it, and, you know, to say, no. You owe every single dime including the reconnection fee or your water's not coming back on. Yeah. I mean, I've had nonstop problems with these people, and, you know, they need to be held accountable. Right. So are you inside the city limits? I am. I'm right next I'm right in between the Bolton doctor, the Bolton Medical Clinic and the Chevron on 145, that house right there. Yes. Yes. Okay. Alright. So Well, give him like I said, he's on a phone call right now. Okay. But you can give him a callback a little later. Okay? Sounds good. Alright. Alright. Thank you. Thank you.