Source: New Recording 63.m4a
Drive file id: 1kbFRH-BJFAac4oYRVLaTzxey-LsmlFak
Batch: recroot_batch13

After News Media. Yes, ma'am. I was calling to see how much, what what are the requirements? What does it cost to to do a service by publication? Let me transfer you to our classified section. K. Classified. This is Rachel. How can I help you? Hi, Rachel. I was calling to see, the the specifications and what it costs to, do a service by publication. Okay. So you'll have to email it over. Do you want that email address? Yeah. I'm not sure I'm gonna I'm gonna go this route yet or or not. It's I'm actually serving the district attorney. Okay. But So when you when you have the notice ready, do you email it to public dot notices Okay. @oxfordeagle.com. Alright. And you can also if you just have questions beforehand or whatever or, like, just need a quote, you can email them for that as well. Okay. Yeah. This is this is Matt Reardon. I'd I appealed to the Supreme Court on, on my case, the district attorney, and also raised prosecutorial misconduct claims against Mickey Mallett. And he's been he's been dodging me, dodging service, and it stalled everything up in circuit court. So what, I mean, what what kind of cost is it? I do not know. And we actually we handle legal and classifieds for, like, 40 papers. And, normally, is out today. So the other is not able to take a phone call at the moment. But if you wanna call back next week, somebody might be able to answer your questions a little better because I'm not in that department. Or if you just have it, you know, what you would need and you wanna send it over and get a quote, they can do that for you. They won't necessarily run it. They just send it. Okay. Alright. Yeah. I and I'm still waiting on a call from, from a reporter. I spoke with the main lady in charge over there. There was a there was a post that y'all did. There's a an article that y'all published 05/30/2017. That was that was an inaccurate publishing. It was, in fact, it was it was extremely libelous stuff that was said by Alan Wilburn, by, major Alan Wilburn of the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department. And, you know, that that was the main source that just, you know, ricocheted splinters throughout the area. And, you know, I need a correction post, correction article published because he doesn't have any evidence. He didn't use the word allegedly, and, that's that's a huge thing. And, you know, it was it was actually 100% inaccurate. So I I I've yet to get a call from the reporter, and it's a pretty pretty major issue. Okay. Do you want me to transfer you to the local office for that? Yes. We do classified of five and legal for, like I said, like, 40 papers, and we're outside of Birmingham. Oh, got you. Okay. So anything editorial would go through the local office. But if you want, I can transfer you back to that number. Yeah. That'd be fine. Okay. And you got the email address for the legal? Yes, ma'am. Okay. One second. I'll transfer you back over to Oscar. Oxford News Media. Yes, ma'am. I, I spoke with, the head lady in charge, that had just had a baby, about a week ago over there, and, it's about a pretty serious issue. There was a publication that y'all did back 05/30/2017 that had, it was inaccurate and even libelous, information that was published. And it was mainly the fault of of, major Ellen Wilburn who had given the information to y'all. Uh-huh. And I was I was told that the reporter that that, you know, she'd she'd have the reporter give me a call. And I've yet to get a call and, you know, of course, the article's still out there. The The damage has been done on that, and I just I need a correction article. He he Well, I will let you speak with the publisher Okay. On that matter. Okay. Panoline. May we help you? Yes, sir. I was, I was transferred to the publisher for the Oxford Eagle. Is this is this the publish are y'all the publisher? I'm not the publisher. I'm the editor of the Batesville paper, but the but the Eagle publisher is here today. Okay. Can I speak with the Eagle publisher, please? Would would you like to speak with her? Yes, sir. Hello? Yes. Okay. Hold on just a minute. Okay. Rebecca, are you at your gas? I'm sending you right over, brother. Alright. Thank you. Hello? Rebecca. Hey. Yes. Hey. This is Matt Reardon. How are you doing? Okay. How are you, Matt Reardon? You are the outlaw bandit person who sends us all types of stuff. I'm the Oxford outlaw. Yeah. What can I do for you? Well, I spoke with y'all. I was the lady in charge, the one that that had just recently had a baby, about a week ago. Yeah. She was Anna. Anna Gesericks. Yeah. And she was gonna have the reporter reach out to me. We've got a we've got a pretty big issue. There was an article that was published by the Oxford Eagle, 05/30/2017 that had highly inaccurate information published. In fact, it was it was mainly the fault of of Alan Wilburn because he was the one that gave you all the information. And and it was libelous, on his behalf. He he spoke, inaccurately, nonfactually, did not use the word allegedly. And that's a he, you know, that's a big deal. He he knows better than that. I've I've confronted him about it. He doesn't have the evidence. He won't produce the evidence, and I know the burden of proof he needs to show the evidence. I I know for a fact that the things he said were were, you know, untrue, and that's what people went off of. And so I need a, you know Did you just talk to Anna? Did you just did you just talk to Anna today, or was this this week? I talked to her about a week ago, and I've yet to hear from a reporter. I okay. She and I had not talked. I know that this was the start of, soccer season and football season and baseball, and we really have, just one guy Right. Who is really, that that probably handled that. And so his schedule has been non stop. I don't know where that is in the process. That's, and, but I will, talk to Anna and figure out, who she's assigned. Okay. She may have assigned this to a freelancer. I don't know. Do y'all do y'all need some free do y'all need some freelance investigative help? We we need some free freelance. That's what we need. I gotcha. We we do have some we do have some paid free free little ants. Yeah. Well, No. Not not really. I guess I guess what I what I need, you know, from the Oxford Eagle is to So so so, Matt, if I I tell you what, so if you'll check back with me, we're we're on deadline for today. So if you check back with me, Monday or Tuesday, I will have an answer of who that's been assigned to and what Okay. What the what the, what the status is. Yeah. And I need them to reach out to Alan Wilburn and try to pressure him to produce the proof. If he can't, then there obviously needs to be a correction article that goes out. Okay. Well, I, we will, we'll investigate this. Okay. Let me let's see what, what's up with this. Okay. Alright. Thank you so much. Alright. Thank you. Bye bye. Alright.