Source: 20200707 025648-DF0738FF.m4a
Drive file id: 1LhNdehGrPhOmCqizyOVD-YmG92M8dh5k
Batch: recroot_batch13

Alright. One thing is, you know, this is these some of these are just technical typos, and you may have caught it because you said something about typos. Yeah. Your your enumeration of the paragraphs are you skipped paragraph three. Yeah. I saw that. Okay. The other thing in paragraph two, it starts off that own plaintiff plead guilty. You should read that plaintiff plead guilty. Okay. You need to get rid of the word own. And I think what you were trying to say that on whatever date we plead guilty, but you already say that here later on in the paragraph, so I'm just gonna need to say it twice. Yeah. And that was what it was. I think think I'd I'd done that, and I just, I went through. I forgot to swipe that file. And but he should read the plaintiff play it, p l e d, not p l e a d. Okay. Joking. And then you you mentioned exhibit b twice. That second time right at the end of the paragraph where you say a copy of which is attached. You do exhibit b, you get rid of that too because you say it earlier in the paragraph. Yeah. That was another thing is that that was repetitive right there and and a little lengthy. And, see, I shrank the text down to 10 and a half just so it wouldn't split in it. And I and I changed the margins a little bit, so that could probably fix that. Okay. But, anyway, alright. Moving on down, on what you've got enumerated in the one I'm looking at is paragraph eight, which should be paragraph seven, but it's not paragraph eight where you're talking about inadequate representation Mhmm. Of counsel. You don't need to say. You don't need to make that conclusion that it would have resulted in an outright dismissal because you don't know that to me back. Actually, I do. I do for the no. I do for the sole reason if they do an evidentiary, where they can the the crime was on or before May 8, and and I can prove beyond all reasonable doubt to prove that I didn't purchase the weapon. Okay. If you can prove that, that's fine. But don't say it in this plea in this motion. Okay. Just say just make the claim that you received inadequate representation by your counsel of record. Okay. That is of record, not all of record. Alright. Counsel of record. And so And and leave out that that conclusory part of that statement that you make. You know? You know, it may may well be you improving. I believe you can't, but you don't wanna say that in this pleading. I I really I I love the erroneous charge. Like, that was a little added extra right there. And then I was like, yeah. I understand. I wonder what Andy will think about that. It's all conclusory stuff, and you don't really need to say it here. You know, you can prove that it's an erroneous charge. Let the let the evidence prove it for you instead of making these conclusory statements. Okay. Alright. Good deal. You got that, Mary? Uh-uh. Let me make sure. And I don't have a problem with what was paragraph nine. You know, even though it is a conclusory statement, it still is your opinion in in in a lot of ways. This is your allegation. Well That it would be it's not it's not nearly as chrome as what was in paragraph eight that I'm telling you to take out. That paragraph paragraph nine. Leave it like it is. That paragraph nine was actually a copy of one of the one of the bullet points on the actual, you know, post conviction statute. That was one of the matching ones that matched up with mine. So I went ahead and I copied that, and I pasted that in. Mhmm. But other than that, I think everything's fine. And then also also down at down at wherefore premises considered defendant praise, I need to change that to plaintiff. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. I need to change that to plaintiff. And then, you you are, what no. Actually, you are the defendant. You need to refer to yourself as the defendant in this case. Actually, no. I'm the plaintiff in this because I'm bringing a civil action against while it's still part of the other one. This is not a civil action. This is a post conviction criminal action relief. Wait. Okay. So then question question because she told me I had to pay because it was a civil action. She told me I had to pay a $157.50 for a filing fee. I was like, wait. Why is there a filing fee? They told me there wasn't, because this is already this is this is basically reopening the case that's already here. Well, there's a post it's a motion. It's a post judgment motion is what it is. It's not a new new matter. Right. And so, apparently, they didn't understand that. This is this is an this is attached to a matter that's already on the books. And I kept telling her that. Motion. I kept telling her that, and she kept Well, you need to talk to another clerk. Okay. Yeah. Talk to another clerk that knows what she's doing. So it shouldn't yeah. Because they told me the the same thing that that it it's a motion, and then that once I file it, they'll put it in the judge's box, and it just attaches to the the previous case. And I looked at it I looked at it as an extortionary method to try to require that I pay a $157.50 when I'm already indigent from what they did to me. Mhmm. What I'm alright. Here's the you know what the style is when I say the style of the case? Mhmm. You know, that's that header at the very beginning that says in the circuit court in Lafayette County, Mississippi and lists the parties and gives the case number. Mhmm. That part, that should look identical to what it says on your, on that, the the criminal information and all of the documents that have been filed throughout this this these proceedings, the style should look the same on every one of them. Okay. This one too. Alright. So I need to be the defendant. I need to be the defendant and not the plaintiff. That's right. And then you you will, you have to go through and change that throughout the, the documents set. Okay. Well In a in a criminal in a in a criminal proceeding, there is no plaintiff. Right. There's a respondent? No. There's the prosecution and then the defendant. Right. So, you know, this is all part of a criminal thing. Okay. It's not part of any kind of civil case. Well, if that's the case, why did Christian McCrae file a civil, circuit matter on the habeas corpus, the petition for habeas, where she listed me as the plaintiff against the state of Mississippi? Because that was a petition. That was a whole new thing. I mean, a whole new matter outside the criminal. Okay. Got it. Got it. This is part and partial of the criminal matter that they filed against you, that they that they brought charges against Now the only other thing that I that I was gonna ask you about because I was doing my my research on post conviction release last night, and I was highlighting in a PDF, everywhere, every key point. So it looks like and and and tell me if I'm wrong, but probably the the biggest thing that I'm gonna go up against is the the state is probably gonna argue abusive process, because that I kept coming across that and and that being a defense How is the state how can the state say there's any abuse of process? Usually, it's the state that abuses the process. And that's what I'm accusing is that it's the state that abused their process. But but basically, that is the state's defense to a post conviction relief if you knowingly sat on information, you know, that they can claim they can throw up as a defense and actually have the post conviction relief shot down for abuse of process. But that's if you set all the information. Right. So but Okay. I did sit on the information for three years. But yeah. But you didn't have the information when you plead guilty. Right. So that's what they're talking about there. How could you have sat on the information when you plead guilty? In other words, what the abusive process is saying is that you plead guilty knowing that there was other information out there at the time that could've, could've, made you not guilty. Well, and I there was there was. May have Yeah. Yeah. But you didn't have it. You didn't I mean, you you knew about it, and you knew that it was that, but it was always your word. Right. Yeah. I didn't know if they could I didn't know if they could pull my my recorded phone calls from the jail, like, where I've been talking about it since day one, saying that that I purchased it on May 20. And I ran my mouth too much in jail. But But but, nevertheless, you know, they can say that. Of course, they're gonna say that anyway. Right. But, you know, you didn't have that information until after you plead guilty. Right. Okay. Okay. I mean, it still doesn't cut cut through the the your argument that, you know, your argument that you plead guilty because that was the only way you were getting out of jail. Exactly. You had a judge that has set a bond waiting too high for what you had for the crime you were charged with, and, and and they pressured you, and and you weren't gonna get out of jail. How long did you sit in jail? A month and a half. And, see, even worse is that that, petition that habeas corpus that Christian McCray filed on the June 5. It was approved it was approved for me to proceed and form a papyrus the next day, like, the sixth. And Yeah. They were supposed to bring me before the judge. Well, I did not hear anything about it until after I got out of jail, July 6. That's another big argument right there is that I was being illegally confined beyond my means of being able to get out to prepare. But don't say anything about that in this pleading zone. Okay. Keep you know, hold on to that. But you found out after you got out of jail, after you had played guilty, that that habeas had been filed. Now what's what's the harm in putting it, like because I was thinking it'd be cool to have a explosive just, you know, like, what what what harm would you do? But you're trying to prosecute your case with this one document. Mhmm. And you don't do that, and you don't wanna do that. You don't wanna show them your complete end. Well, I kinda have I kinda have with riding riding with the outlaw. Well, but, you know, still, when you it's not let let me put it this way. What you may have said on riding with the outlaw has not been presented to any judge. True. Well, now now I mean, it now hasn't been in court. Just how you say it on writing with the outlaw does not make it first of all, does not make it true. And number two, it does not make it, evidentiary. It doesn't it doesn't raise it to the level of evidence in a court of law. I think that Luther's I think Luther's gonna end up recusing himself because I sent a link I sent a lengthy letter to him and Kathy addressed to him, where he read it, you know, talking about the the corruption. And he read it and then I'm getting off on something else, but I I'm on vacation. I called to talk to you about this. I'm sorry. Document. So I'm sitting in Destin on our balcony overlooking the Gulf. Aren't you? I called just to talk to you about this. This, this this this document here to get it kinda get it cleaned up. And you wanna you want to allege enough in there to follow the statute, but you don't wanna limit yourself. Because if you go putting facts and stuff in there like that, then then you limit yourself later on. Right. If you keep it broad open and broad and and open language, then you make the allegations. They have noticed what they are, and that's all we are need is notice pleading. And they have noticed what they are, and then you can come back and present your evidence in court in front of a judge. Sure. So will there be an evidentiary hearing as part of the post conviction relief proceeding? Well, I mean, there will be a hearing where evidence will be presented. Now remember, evidence is not just documents, but it's also testimony. Right. And you'll have an opportunity to call witnesses to present your case because the burden of proof is gonna be on you. Oh, I gotta get in touch with Larry, the guy that sold me the gun, because he can't find the bill of sale. I told him I was gonna call him to testify. Well, I mean, you get him to testify, if need be. You'll also get probably have to have some of them deputies testify. Yep. Yep. And I'm I fully intend to to figure out what happened with that '20 with that May 24 phone call. Who who called? Mhmm. And you might have to get Joey East to testify as to why he hasn't been able to tell you what happened. Exactly. You know, because you present you've you've made all these for your request and and you haven't gotten the information. Yep. And you make him tell tell the judge why he ain't giving it to you. Yep. Yep. Oh, I plan to fully do that. So so, anyway, make those changes, and I think your document is fine to get this thing started. But the main thing is you need to change the style of it where you're the defendant. Okay. Got it. So I'll do that tonight. And how long do you think, like like, how quickly do you do things like this materialize into a setting? Well, they should have a chance to respond, but you could go ahead and contact the court administrator, judge Luther's court administrator, and get a court date and then send them a notice of the court date. Okay. Alright. And, but you're gonna wanna set it out at at least two months out. Okay. Two, maybe three months out. That gives them an opportunity, plenty of opportunity to respond to you and maybe even have some settlement negotiations. But who knows as far as that goes? And how do I go about depo how do I go about deposing witnesses whenever I'm I'm you're gonna have to you can you can subpoena. There's a subpoena for depositions. You can look on the forms, the form site, and you have a form for a subpoena for depositions. Okay. I need to depose, John Hill and find him, actually. Okay. You do realize that's gonna cost you a chunk of money to depose somebody. I mean, you're looking at at least a thousand dollars is what it's gonna cost you. Yeah. I don't have that. So You can't depose somebody in form of papyrus. You're gonna have to have to have the money to pay the court reporter to depose somebody. Because you have to make the arrangements for all of that. Okay. So can I can I proceed without deposing somebody, or does that hurt me tremendously? Yeah. You know, you you can just subpoena them to testify at trial. The The only thing is you won't know exactly what they're gonna say by not having their deposition. Got it. Okay. What floor are you on out there, Destin? 23. Nice. What's the name of the hotel? It's not a hotel. It's a condo. My family owns a condo down here. Gotcha. Gotcha. And it's at, it's at Seascape. We're actually at Miramar Beach. Nice. That's Seascape. Nice. So, anyway anyway, I just wanted to give you a holler back at that on those those little details there. And I need to put a notice of entry of attorney in for for Andy t Arant. Yeah. Hey. Don't do that now. Don't do that. Don't do that, Uh-uh. Because I'll have to deny that I represent you. I know. Then you will then you'll be hit with filing a false document. I feel like Fraud on the court. I feel like somebody got to all the attorneys around here. I feel like it had to have happened with everything that I've been told. Told I told you way back, Matt, that you're probably gonna have to go outside of Oxford to get an attorney to handle take the case. Yeah. You know, yeah, I don't know if you remember that or not, but I told you long time ago that that that's where you're gonna have to go. Maybe Jackson or or somewhere or maybe get one of these national attorneys that's got, you know, these big firms to handle the case. Because I don't know that the any of the attorneys in the Oxford area, the Bay County area, wanna try to go up against the the sheriff's office or the city of Oxford or the county or any of that nature unless they've got a slam dunk case. He's the public defender in Water Valley. He's he he handled my initial child custody thing. I'm not really like that. Good deal. Well, Andy, I appreciate you giving me a call while you're on vacation, you lucky dog you. Okay. Well, alright. Well, I I guess I'll talk to you later. I'm gonna just keep me updated, and, and and I'll help any way I can. You know that. I appreciate it. I definitely do. Alright. Good luck. Enjoy vacation. I sure will. Alright. Bye bye. Bye. Destin. Florida. God damn. He's he's on the 4 2nd. He's on the 23rd Floor of a condo. Which one is he at? The She,