Source: 48910d82de6240a7a0739b9def22d8cb.m4a
Drive file id: 1CZugcsbrujNlDKlvEqSFz2Nzb2ghGjYO
Batch: recroot_batch13

Hey. How are you? Yeah. I need an emergency injunction. K. You gotta you gotta have to file it. Don't have time for it and don't have the money. Well, you you have to file it so it's in front of court properly. Right. Well, I understand that. But as far as somebody that is I mean, this this shit is is unbelievable. It's it's it's so criminal, and these people are never held responsible for it. Only conservatives. Only people that are that are right wing conservatives are ever charged with this bullshit. But Cindy Meek Brown, the the Ed Meek's daughter who who owned hottytoddy.com, she already destroyed my employment and my wife's employment to cut off our source of income. And then to make matters worse, she goes around. She's she's she's saying that that my wife is doing a scam or we're doing a scam. And then and then she's publishing. Now she's publishing our whereabouts where we're staying, and and got three kids. Okay? And and these people are crazy. Nuts. And it's gotta be stopped. I mean, I've I was charged I was charged for a crime I never committed. Never committed. The FBI knew I didn't commit it. The sheriff's department knew I didn't commit it, but it was all political. These people on the left seemingly always get away with it, can do whatever they want, have free reign without consequences, and and I'm I'm I'm done with that. This is this is putting my family at risk. Okay. If you're if you're one, then you think it is something you have to I mean, what do you what do you recommend as far as for time's sake? And then also, quite frankly, I don't I don't have I don't have the money. I mean, what do you recommend that I do? I mean, is that the best route to go? And and honestly, I don't have the extra money to go and and freaking pay to start a phone. I'm sorry. I can't imagine. I mean, that's crazy. That's crazy because the one woman that cut off my source of income and my wife's, she gets to run around doing whatever she wants to do, whatever the hell she wants to do, publishing where we're staying. And now because I don't have the extra money to file, there's the county is is gapping it off. Really? It's gapping that off? Like, okay. Because you don't have the money to file an injunction to actually open up a civil case filing. Then this disgusting liberal gets to go around Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. You asked Steve to advise you on what's the best route to go to do, and I said I can't if I can. Right. Right. Right. I understand that. And I said, you know, me not having the money to file. Okay? So, I mean, am I supposed to see, I was demonized for carrying a gun back in 2017, but this is exactly why I was carrying a gun, to defend against these crazy bastards that wanna I mean, it's crazy. I never once went on the offensive. It was always strictly for defense back in 2017, and now I can't I can't find any help whenever the same nonsense is going on. I don't know. I mean, there's you didn't go out of poppers though to see if you don't have to pay the filing fee. Sure. But but you you gotta file something for the court to be able to do something. Okay. I'll fill out I'm I'm on the way to Chancery Court right now. I just pulled onto the Square. So what is the popper whatever? The the clerk has it, and then he's gotta he's gotta show he he he's gotta show that you have no income, and the judge has no proof. Okay. Well, it's easy enough if I don't have any income. I mean, that that should be kinda like a innocent until proven guilty. Or is it or is that backwards because I was guilty until proven in Okay. I didn't hear before. I I can't speak with him, but I just tell you, you you can fill out a popper's and then file for them with the clerk. Got you. I'm highly upset about this because it's like it's strictly political. Like, the this this thing, this city operates down partisan lines, and it's it's absolutely ridiculous. It's the court should be ashamed, honestly, because the court has has gone down party lines as well. Okay, sir. Are you headed to the clerk's office? I am. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Bye.