&m 
madd 
Sentencing Court 
Offender's Name 
Address 
Social Security No. 
Date of Birth______lavil 
Mothers Against Drunk Driving 
MISSISSIPPI VICTIM IMPACT PANEL COURT ORDER 
It is highly recommend that attendees register online. See instructions below. 
Case No. 
Telephone 
City 
State 
ZIP_380 
Driver's License No. 
Email Address 
You are ordered to attend the Panel within 30 days of being ordered to do so or the next available panel for your area at the. 
County Victim Impact Panel on 
So ordered the 
day of 
20 
3 
Judge 
PLEASE READ ENTIRE COURT ORDER 
MADD panel dates and locations are listed on the back of this form and only meet as they are listed. If you fail to participate in the entire panel or comply with the rules listed below or stated at the panel, you will be dismissed from the panel and cited to appear before this court constituting cause for you to be held in contempt and punished accordingly. There are two ways to register and pay for this panel. Please see bottom of this form for those two options. At the panel, you must present this court order in its original form (pink and yellow pages) with a legal form of identification. If you must register at the door (registration options are outlined at bottom of this form), you must bring a $50.00 money order made payable to MADD. No other form of payment is accepted at the door. Upon completion of the panel and receiving a stamped and signed copy of this order, you are required to submit the pink copy to the issuing court or probation officer as verification of attendance. 
When attending a MADD Victim Impact Panel, you must: 
0 
9 
0 
Register between 6:30-7:00 PM. The panel begins at 7:00 PM sharp and ends at 9:00 PM. 
Bring this court order and a legal form of identification. 
If you choose to register at the door, you must also bring a MONEY ORDER made payable 
to MADD. If you registered online, you must bring your confirmation email. 
0 
ATTEND THE PANEL WITHIN 30 DAYS of being ordered to do so. 
NOT bring guests or electronic devices. 
MADD MS confirms that the offender 
named above attended the 
Victim Impact Panel on 
20 
and that identification was witnessed to 
confirm proper attendance. 
• NOT consume alcohol or other drugs before/during the panel. 
• NOT sleep or create other disturbances. 
D 
NOT leave the panel before you have been officially dismissed. 
• Understand that panel fees are non-refundable, non-transferable, no exceptions. 
Understand that no one will be admitted after 7:00 PM. 
Please note that you may either: 
Registration Instructions 
1. Pre-register and pre-pay online at www.maddvip.org (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED) 
Signed and Sealed 
(a signature without a seal is invalid) 
Receipt # 
Paid Online YO 
FOR MADD PANEL PERSONNEL ONLY 
2. Register and pay at the door 6:30 p.m. If you choose this option, please note that a seat cannot be guaranteed and 
MADD only accepts money orders ($50.00; made payable to MADD). Cash, cards and checks will not be accepted. 
Revised January 2020