IN THE 56TH DISTRICT COURT OF GALVESTON COUNTY, TEXAS 
The State of Texas 
VS. 
Matthew 0. Reardon 
Cause Number: 23-CR-2981 
DEFENDANT'S SWORN AFFIDAVIT 
I, Matthew O. Reardon, the Defendant, hereby declare and swear, under the Pains and penalties of perjury under the Laws of the United States of America and of the State of Texas, Now submits to this Court his Sworn Affidavit and in it affirms to the following Facts: 
1) I am an investigative Journalist whom gathers 
news content and then disseminates such content out to the Public via Multiple avenues to include a website and a YouTube Channel among others, 
2) Through Unnamed sources, I received tips of alleged acts of Public Corruption by the Galveston, TX Police Department. 
3) In the Afternoon hours of Thursday, August 10th 2023, I departed from Yalobusha County, Mississippi in a Black Chevrolet Equinox to Commute to Galveston, TX 
1 
4) I arrived in the City limits of Galveston, TX at approximately 2.AM and immediately started recording video Via YouTube Livestream while navigating to a rendeVous Point where Fellow Journalists were awaiting my arrival. 
5) Just prior to arriving at my destination, a traffic Stop was initiated on Me by Multiple Galveston, TX Police officers and I safely Parked my vehicle off of the Public street and on private property for the purpose of the stop. 
6) The 
The First officer to Make Contact with me was a K-9 Handler, and he asked for my identification, I asked the officer why I was being pulled over and he stated it was For "Multiple Reasons" such as failure to Maintain lane and Failure to use a turn signal. I advised the officer that I had video evidence to contradict this, and then promptly provided My drivers license information. 
7 The Second officer, officer Olsteen, approaches my 
driver's Side window. He glances around the interior of my car for several seconds and then asks "So are you an Auditor?" I advise Olsteen that I am not answering questions 
8) Ol Steen, Increasingly frustrated, proceeds to asking if I 
had been drinking and further insinuates that he "smelled the odor of Alcohol" 
9) I emphatically DENIED Consuming any alcohol whatsoever, further stating that I haven't had a drop of alcohol to drink in 3-4 years 
10) Officer Olsteen asks me to step out of Mycar and I comply, Meanwhile two Fellow Journalists arrive on scene spectating and recording the Matter at hand 
2 
11) Officer Olsteen then asks me to take a Standard field Sobriety Test (SFST), I informed O1 steen that I did not trust the accuracy of a SFST and that I demanded a Breathalyzer test to in fact prove Conclusively that I had not consumed a single drop of alcohol. 
12) Officer Olsteen informs me that they do not have portable Breathalyzers and I demand to see a supervisor. Olsteen points to Sergeant Dougherty saying he is the supervisor. Dougherty tells Me the officers do not have portable breathalyzers and that I would have to come to the Station to give a Breath Sample 
13) 
By this Point, I request to speak with an attorney, Olsteen asks me one final time to take a SFST and I tell Olsteen to give Me a Breathalyzer (to prove definitively that I had not Consumed any alcohol whatsoever) or take me into custody. 
14) I am immediately placed in handcuffs and placed into the backseat of a truck driven by a female officer. 
15) After getting into the Passenger Seat, Olsteen instructs the female officer driver to drive to UTMB (The Hospital) 
For a Blood Sample instead of the Police Station for a Breath Sample 
16) I continued demanding to give a Breath Sample based on the Fact Olsteen Solely articulated an odor of alcohol" and no other signs of Intoxication, the fact that 
a breath sample would provide instant results, and the Fact that I have a significant anxiety when it comes to needles. Olsteen claimed he was attempting to get a warrant for a Blood Sample, 
17) 
A short time later, Olsteen and the female officer escort Me presumably 
into the Emergency Room Of UTMB Hospital. I was 
ROOM OF never shown a warrant, leading me to assume no warrant was issued. 
3 
18) Approximately 8 Police Officers Forcefully hold me 
Face Down on an ER bed with my arms Hand cuffed Behind My Back while the Male nurse sticks me multiple times with a needle in my Fore Arm to draw multiple tubes of Bloods I felt this was an intentional Infliction of excruciating pain and 
anxiety, 
19) The nurse gave officer Olsteen the box Containing the Tubes of blood, and I was again placed in the back seat of the Galveston Police Truck to be driven to the Galveston County Jail. 
20) At the Jail, Officer Olsteen sees to it that I am booked For Felony DWI (3 or more) despite the fact that I have Only 
had 1 Final Conviction for DWI, which was in Georgia, and in 2014. This fact is observed and raised by the stand-in Attorney for my Magistrate Hearing on August 11, 2023 
21) It 
It is alleged that Galveston Police Department knowingly Provided False Statements and information to the Texas Department of Public Safety regarding this Arrest, based Upon an official letter sent to my home address in September Stating that my Drivers License was suspended for // Failing to provide a breath or blood sample Video evidence demonstrates a refusal by the Department to administer a breath test, and that a blood sample was indeed taken. 
гYWBg 
22) Video Evidence Supporting a forementioned Claims of be found here > https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFS-y-rYwBg or alternatively under the "Live" Video Section of my channel "Lafayette County Audit" on YouTube. Officer Body worn cameras as well as dashcam video will demonstrate all other claims mad 
4 
23) The black Chevrolet Equinox I was driving is alleged to have been illegally Seized by the Galveston Police Department without warrant, probable Cause, or due process afforded; a direct Violation of the 4th, 5th, and 14th Amendments of the US Constitution and Article 1 Sections 9, 17, and 19 of the Texas Constitution 
24) Pursuant to Article 1 Section 10 of the Texas Constitution (Rights of the accused), In ALL criminal prosecutions the accused shall have a Speedy Public Trial by an impartial Jury, The right to demand the nature and cause of the accusation against him and to have a copy there of, Shall not be compelled to give evidence against himself, shall have the right to being heard by himself, or counsel, or both, shall be confronted by the Witnesses against him and have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his Favor, and that No Person shall be held to answer for a criminal offense Unless on indictment of a Grand Jury except when punishment is by fine or imprisonment otherwise than the Penitentiary 
25) I have asserted my right to a fairy and speedy trial via Motion, demanded an examining trial as I amentitled to Via Motion, and I have demanded the nature and cause of the accusation against me by requesting a copy of the Charging Affidavit/ Affidavits, The Affidavits 
Affidavit/Affidavits, have yet to be provided and the motions have not been responded to or ruled upon, thus infringing on the above mentioned fights of the accused and in particular the Right to being heard 
сору 
Prayer For Relief 
Defendant preserves each and every Guarantee and protection enumerated under the US Constitution, in particular Amendments 1, 4, 5, 6, 8, and 14. Likewise Defendant preserves each and every Guarantee and Protection enumerated under the Texas Constitution, in particular Article Sections 8, 9, 10, 13, 17, and 19, Defendant requests a hearing date as soon as possible for on Examining Trial as requested or in the alternative for the criminal prosecution to be Dismissed 
Oct. 22, 2028 
£x. 7/27/27 
David B 
JB.C 
مجھ سد 
STATE 
OF 
TEXAS 
DAVID BRYAN CATES Notary ID #134476850 My Commission Expires 
July 27, 2027 
All Rights Reserved 
Matthew Reardon-Defendant 
5