Norman Ray Giles
24 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1400
Houston, Texas 77046
Norman.Giles@lewisbrisbois.com
Direct: 832.460.4637
November 3, 2025 File No. 3856.710
VIA ELECTRONIC MAIL ONLY
Benjamin Campagna
TX Attorney Group, PLLC
Email: ben@txattorneygroup.com
Re: Robert Harvey v. William Roy and City of Galveston, Civil action no. 3:25-CV-
00058; in the Southern District of Texas, Galveston Division.
Dear Benjamin:
I write to confer in accordance with FED. R. CIV. P. 37 regarding the plaintiff’s
deficient responses to requests for production seeking to resolve the dispute before involving
the Court.
Plaintiff’s September 24, 2025 responses to the City’s requests for production are
inappropriate and deficient. Under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 34, Plaintiff is required to
produce all responsive documents within its possession, custody, or control, unless Plaintiff
has a valid and specific objection to the request. Plaintiff must not only identify the documents
Plaintiff will produce but also clearly state any objections and whether Plaintiff is withholding
documents based on the objections. Courts in the Fifth Circuit expect parties to avoid
boilerplate objections and instead provide detailed explanations when withholding
documents.
A. General Objections
On page 5 of Plaintiff’s responses to requests for production, Plaintiff includes a list
of general objections. Courts in the Fifth Circuit have repeatedly made clear that general
objections are inappropriate under Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Accordingly, please
amend Plaintiff’s responses to remove these objections.
ARIZONA • CALIFORNIA • COLORADO • CONNECTICUT • DELAWARE • FLORIDA • GEORGIA • ILLINOIS • INDIANA • KANSAS • KENTUCKY • LOUISIANA
MARYLAND • MASSACHUSETTS • MINNESOTA • MISSISSIPPI • MISSOURI • NEVADA • NEW JERSEY • NEW MEXICO • NEW YORK • NORTH CAROLINA
OHIO • OREGON • PENNSYLVANIA • RHODE ISLAND • TENNESSEE • TEXAS • UTAH • VIRGINIA • WASHINGTON • WASHINGTON D.C. • WEST VIRGINIA
163902638.2
Benjamin Campagna
November 3, 2025
Page 2
B. Plaintiff failed to timely produce responsive documents.
In response to the City’s requests for production Nos. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 16, 19, 29, 30,
36, 37, and 38 Plaintiff responded by stating “Plaintiff will supplement.” Under Rule
34(b)(2)(B) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Plaintiff must state it will produce copies
of documents, and the production must be completed no later than a reasonable time
determined.
Plaintiff must produce responsive documents – within Plaintiff’s possession, control,
or custody – to the City’s requests for production. However, the City cannot wait for an
indefinite amount of time before Plaintiff produces documents. If Plaintiff does not have any
responsive documents to the requests for production identified under this section, Plaintiff
must amend Plaintiff’s answers and state none.
A reasonable time for Plaintiff to amend Plaintiff’s responses and produce responsive
documents – without objection – to the City’s requests for production is November 17, 2025.
C. Plaintiff must produce all responsive documents in Plaintiff’s possession, custody,
or control.
In response to the City’s request Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 11, 16, 17, 22, 23, 29, 30,
31, 36, 38, Plaintiff objected that the documents are publicly available or accessible to the
City publicly or through some third-party. At the least, the Plaintiff is obligated to identify
responsive documents Plaintiff possesses and identify the location(s) through which
responsive documents are accessible.
Moreover, under Rule 34, generally, absent a legitimate justification, Plaintiff must
produce documents within Plaintiff’s possession, custody or control, regardless of whether
those documents are available to the City through some other means. A party has control of
documents if the party has actual possession, custody or control or has the legal right to obtain
the documents on demand. See Enron Corp. Sav. Plan v. Hewitt Assocs., L.L.C., 258 F.R.D.
149, 164 (S.D. Tex. 2009). As such, Plaintiff must produce all responsive documents within
Plaintiff’s control or accessible to Plaintiff.
D. The City’s requests documents related to the claims and defenses in this case.
In response to the City’s requests for production Nos. 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 16,
29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, and 38, Plaintiff objected to the requests as overly broad.
Additionally, in response to the City’s requests Nos. 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14, 26,
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD & SMITH LLP
www.lewisbrisbois.com
163902638.2
Benjamin Campagna
November 3, 2025
Page 3
27, 28, 29, 30, 33, 34, and 35, Plaintiff objected to the requests as vague and ambiguous. As
discussed below, each of the City’s requests are well within the scope of discovery, as Rule
26(b) permits, and specifically related to each of Plaintiff’s claims in this lawsuit.
Request for production No. 1
In response to the City’s request for Plaintiff to produce written and recorded
statements relevant to any claim or defense, Plaintiff objected to the request as overbroad,
claiming the request does not have “subject matter limitation or identification of specific
statements.” Inexplicably, Plaintiff also claimed the phrase “relevant to any claim or defense”
is vague and unlimited in scope, potentially encompassing statements unrelated to the incident
at issue. Needless to say—the claims and defenses in this case are those which are in
Plaintiff’s complaint and Defendants’ answer. Plaintiff has no reason to believe that the
request seeks written or recorded statements about any subject matter outside of those in the
pleadings. As such, please withdraw the improper objections and produce the responsive
documents.
Request for production No. 2
In response to the City’s request for document prepared for or sent to a governmental
agency or entity, public agency, newspaper, social media outlet, or any third party that is
relevant to any claim or defense, Plaintiff objected to the request as overbroad, claiming “each
document sent to any … third party that is relevant to any claim or defense” does not describe
any particular subject matter. Plaintiff further claimed the request is vague and unlimited in
scope, and could encompass communications that are not reasonably calculated to lead to
admissible evidence.
Similar to request No. 1, Plaintiff is well aware of the subject matter of the request—
documents relevant to the claims in Plaintiff’s complaint and defenses in Defendants’ answer.
Further, Rule 26(b)(1) makes the scope of discovery very clear—“[i]nformation within this
scope of discovery need not be admissible in evidence to be discoverable.” Plaintiff’s belief
that the information responsive to request No. 2 may not be admissible at trial is not a proper
objection or basis to withhold documents. Please withdraw the improper objections and
produce the responsive documents.
Request for production No. 3
In response to the City’s requests for document, electronically stored information, or
tangible thing evidencing any photograph or recording regarding the occurrence which forms
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD & SMITH LLP
www.lewisbrisbois.com
163902638.2
Benjamin Campagna
November 3, 2025
Page 4
the basis of the lawsuit, Plaintiff objected claiming the request is vague, and simply pointed
to the City’s entire production as responsive. Plaintiff’s response—or lack thereof—is
improper. Please withdraw the improper objection and produce the responsive documents.
Request for production No. 5-8
In request Nos. 5, 6, 7, and 8, the City requested Plaintiff produce documents which
show Chief Roy violated a clearly established law during his interaction with Plaintiff,
documents which evidence conduct legally required of Chief Roy under the clearly
established law, documents which evidence standards applicable to Chief Roy’s conduct
relevant to a claim or defense in this lawsuit, and documents which evidence Plaintiff’s loss
of Fourteenth Amendment rights. In response to each of these requests, Plaintiff objected to
the request as vague and overly broad. Plaintiff further asserted the requests call for legal
conclusion and is a question of law for the Court. Please withdraw the improper objections
because Plaintiff is not only required to identify the constitutional right Plaintiff is alleging
Chief Roy violated, but Plaintiff also has the burden of proof to establish that such violation
was the moving force behind the constitutional violation. Piotrowski v. City of Houston, 237
F.3d 567, 578 (5th Cir. 2001). Plaintiff is obligated to produce documents Plaintiff contends
or will contend supports the purported violation of rights.
Request for production No. 9
In response to the City’s request for documents evidencing information Plaintiff
published through social media regarding the occurrence which forms the basis of this lawsuit,
Plaintiff objected to the request as overbroad, unduly burdensome, vague, and not
proportional to the needs of the case. Plaintiff claims the City requested a “wholesale export
and review” of Plaintiff’s social media histories across unspecified platforms, timeframes,
accounts, formats, and features, although the City has clearly limited to the requests the social
media posts related to the incident subject of this suit. Plaintiff fails to comply with discovery
obligations by asserting such boilerplate objections, and without stating whether Plaintiff is
withholding production of responsive documents based on such boilerplate objections.
Further, as discussed supra, Plaintiff’s objections that the documents are publicly available
or accessible to Defendant through some third-party is misplaced. Clearly, Plaintiff is
improperly withholding documents responsive to this request. Please withdraw the improper
objections and produce the responsive documents.
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD & SMITH LLP
www.lewisbrisbois.com
163902638.2
Benjamin Campagna
November 3, 2025
Page 5
Request for production No. 10
In response to the City’s request for documents evidencing information relevant to any
damage Plaintiff claims in this lawsuit, Plaintiff objected to the request as overbroad and
lacking specificity because the request is not limited to a particular category of damages.
Clearly, Plaintiff is well aware of the categories of damages Plaintiff seeks. Regardless,
subject to objections, Plaintiff improperly pointed to Plaintiff entire production, instead of
categorizing the responsive documents as required under Rule 34(b)(2)(E)(i). Plaintiff also
stated Plaintiff will supplement. Undoubtedly, the City is entitled to discovery regarding each
category of damage Plaintiff seeks and Plaintiff must produce all documents, appropriately
categorized, that is currently available to Plaintiff. Please withdraw the improper objections
and produce all responsive documents.
Request for production Nos. 11, 12, 13, 14, 16, 17, 19, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30
In the City’s requests referenced above, the City requested Plaintiff produce documents
regarding Plaintiff’s allegations in the Complaint. Although each of the requests specifically
track the language of Plaintiff’s allegations, inexplicably, Plaintiff objected to the requests as
overly broad, and vague and ambiguous. Subject to a myriad of improper objections, Plaintiff
pointed to all documents produced by Plaintiff, the City, or both. Plaintiff failed to categorize
the responsive documents as required under Rule 34(b)(2)(E)(i). Plaintiff’s objections are
improper and contrary to the scope of discovery under Rule 26(b)(1), which allow parties to
obtain discovery regarding any nonprivileged matter that is relevant to any party’s claim or
defense. Under Rule 34, the City is entitled to request from Plaintiff documents and things
that Plaintiff has or that Plaintiff can obtain that show or support the factual allegations
Plaintiff made against the City, as well as other documents and things relevant to any claim
or defense. Please withdraw the improper objections and produce all responsive documents.
Request for production No. 31-32
The City requested Plaintiff to sign releases authorizing the City to obtain Plaintiff’s
employment records pertaining to Plaintiff from January 1, 2018, through the date of trial,
and authorizing the City to obtain records of all health care professionals, including
physicians, substance abuse counselors, and/or other mental healthcare providers who have
consulted with, or examined Plaintiff from January 1, 2018, through the date of trial. Plaintiff
objected to the requests as overbroad. Further, Plaintiff objected claiming the requests require
Plaintiff to produce a new document, which is improper under Rule 34. Plaintiff is simply
incorrect, and the objections are improper. To the contrary, Rule 34 “empowers courts to
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD & SMITH LLP
www.lewisbrisbois.com
163902638.2
Benjamin Campagna
November 3, 2025
Page 6
compel parties to sign written releases or authorization forms consenting to the production of
various documents.” See Mir v. L-3 Commc'ns Integrated Sys., L.P., 319 F.R.D. 220, 229
(N.D. Tex. 2016).
Plaintiff has placed his medical condition and purported disabilities at issue by
asserting claims of actual damages for the same. As such, the City is clearly entitled to
discovery of information regarding Plaintiff’s damages.
Request for production No. 33
In response to the City’s request for documents evidencing that Plaintiff used
reasonable diligence to mitigate damages Plaintiff claims in this lawsuit, Plaintiff objected to
the request as vague and overbroad, claiming the request encompasses a broad range of
materials and is not tied to a specific type of damages. Plaintiff also claims the request calls
for a legal conclusion on whether an action constitutes “reasonable diligence.” As discussed
supra, the City is entitled to discovery regarding all categories of damages Plaintiff seeks,
including any effort to mitigate those damages. Please withdraw the improper objections and
produce all responsive documents.
Request for production No. 34-38
In request Nos. 34, 35, 36, 37, and 38, the City requested Plaintiff produce documents
evidencing the City deprived Plaintiff of Plaintiff’s Fourteenth Amendment rights, documents
evidencing Chief Roy’s actions were arbitrary and shocking to the conscience, documents
evidencing the City adopted a policy that deprived Plaintiff of Plaintiff’s Fourteenth
Amendment rights, documents evidencing the City failed to adopt a policy required under the
Fourteenth Amendment, and documents evidencing Chief Roy is a City policymaker. Plaintiff
objected to each request as vague, overbroad, or unduly burdensome, claiming a particular
document cannot show the item the City requested, innocuously admitting Plaintiff has no
responsive document. Plaintiff also objected to each request as calling for a legal conclusion.
Please withdraw the improper objections. As a matter of law, the City is entitled to
request that Plaintiff identify any documents supporting the legal issues referenced in request
Nos. 34–38. See Piotrowski v. City of Houston, 237 F.3d 578-79 (5th Cir. 2001).
At your earliest convenience, please inform me whether Plaintiff will serve amended
responses and produce responsive records by November 17, 2027. I am optimistic we will
avoid involving the Court to resolve these disputes.
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD & SMITH LLP
www.lewisbrisbois.com
163902638.2
Benjamin Campagna
November 3, 2025
Page 7
Lastly, please also provide dates in which your client and you are availability for the
Plaintiff’s deposition within the next 45 days.
Best regards,
Norman Ray Giles
Norman Ray Giles of
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD &
SMITH LLP
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD & SMITH LLP
www.lewisbrisbois.com
163902638.2