IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS
GALVESTON DIVISION
ROBERT HARVEY, §
Plaintiff, § CIVIL ACTION NO. 3:25-CV-00058
§
V. §
§ (“JURY REQUESTED”)
WILLIAM ROY, in his individual §
capacity; and CITY OF GALVESTON §
aka GALVESTON FIRE §
DEPARTMENT, §
Defendants. §
§
PLAINTIFFS’ FIRST REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS, SET OF
INTERROGATORIES, AND REQUESTS FOR PRODUCTION OF
DOCUMENTS TO DEFENDANT CITY OF GALVESTON
TO: Defendant CITY OF GALVESTON, by and through its attorneys of record William
S. Helfand of LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAAD & SMITH, LLP.
PLAINTIFF, ROBERT HARVEY serves this First Request for Admissions as
authorized by Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 36; this First Set of Interrogatories pursuant
to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 33; and this First Request for Production pursuant to
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 43 on Defendant City of Galveston. As required by Rule
36(a), Defendant must answer each admission within 30 days after service of these requests
or the matter is conclusively established; as required by Rule 33, Defendant must answer
each interrogatory within 30 days after service of these requests; and Defendant must
produce all requested documents (as they are kept in the ordinary course of business or
organized and labeled to correspond with categories in each request) not more than thirty
(30) days after service, at 18062 FM 529, Suite 212, Cypress, Texas 77433.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Benjamin S. Campagna
BENJAMIN S. CAMPAGNA
Federal ID No. 3822709
Texas Bar No. 24078302
18062 FM 529
Cypress, Texas 77433
Telephone: (713) 570-6545
Facsimile: (281) 612-3006
Email: ben@texasplanninglaw.com
e-Service Email: e-service@txattorneygroup.com
LEAD ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
A true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served via electronic mail on
October 1, 2025, to all counsel of record, including but not limited to the following:
William S. Helfand
Attorney-in-Charge
State Bar of Texas No. 09388250
S.D. Texas No. 8791
Bill.Helfand@lewisbrisbois.com
Norman Ray Giles
State Bar of Texas No. 24014084
S.D. Texas No. 26966
Norman.Giles@lewisbrisbois.com
Lamisa I. Chowdhury
State Bar of Texas No. 24110033
S.D. Texas. No. 3580571
Lamisa.Chowdhury@lewisbrisbois.com
LEWIS BRISBOIS BISGAARD & SMITH, LLP
24 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1400
Houston, Texas 77046
ATTORNEYS FOR DEFENDANTS
/s/ Benjamin S. Campagna
BENJAMIN S. CAMPAGNA
INSTRUCTIONS
Answer each request for admission fully. If a matter is not admitted, your answer must
specifically deny it or state in detail why you cannot truthfully admit or deny it. A denial
must fairly respond to the substance of the matter; and when good faith requires that you
qualify an answer or deny only a part of a matter, your answer must specify the part
admitted and qualify or deny the rest. See FED. R. CIV. P. 36(a)(4).
Each interrogatory shall be answered separately and fully within thirty (30) days after the
service of these requests, unless it is objected to, in which case, each of the bases for the
objection shall be stated specifically in lieu of an answer.
This discovery request is to be considered as continuing, and you are requested to provide,
by way of supplemental answers thereto, such additional information as Defendant, or any
other person acting on its behalf, may hereafter obtain which will augment or otherwise
modify any answer made to these requests. Such supplemental answers are to be filed and
served upon the undersigned within thirty (30) days after receipt of such information.
Each request shall be answered separately and fully within thirty (30) days after the service
of these requests, unless it is objected to, in which case, each of the bases for the objection
shall be stated specifically in lieu of a response.
Documents produced in response to these requests shall be organized and designated to
correspond to the categories in the Request.
Each document sought to be produced by these requests shall be produced in and with the
file folder and/or any other document (i.e., envelope, file cabinet marker) in which such
document was located when these requests was served.
If you do not respond to a Request because of a claim of privilege, set forth the privilege
claimed, the facts upon which you rely to support the claim of privilege, and identify all
documents for which such privilege is claimed.
In answering these requests, furnish such information as is available to you, not only such
information as is of your personal knowledge. Specifically, these requests include
information known to or in the possession of your agents, representatives and, unless
privileged, your attorney. If you cannot produce these documents after exercising due
diligence to secure the information sought, so state, and answer to the extent possible, while
specifying the reason for the inability to answer the remainder, and state whatever
knowledge or information you have secured concerning the unanswered portions.
These document requests are to be considered as continuing, and you are requested to
provide, by way of supplemental answers thereto, such additional information as
Defendant, or any other person acting on his behalf, may hereafter obtain which will
augment or otherwise modify any answer made to these requests. Such supplemental
answers are to be filed and served upon the undersigned within thirty (30) days after receipt
of such information.
DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO REQUESTS
“And” and “or” are meant to be inclusive terms. If used at any time in these requests in
which the context would render them susceptible to multiple interpretations, “and” and
“or” are to be interpreted so as to require the greatest admission, disclosure, or production
which the context could require.
“Chief Roy” or “Battalion Chief Roy” means GFD Battalion 4 Chief William Roy,
defendant in this Matter, individually and in his official capacity as an employee of the
City of Galveston.
The “City” means the City of Galveston, Texas, defendant in this Matter, which is a
political subdivision of the State of Texas. The term includes the City of Galveston when
acting through the Galveston Fire Department, the Galveston Police Department, or any
other subdivision or capacity through which the government of the City of Galveston,
Texas, operates. The term includes any and all Final Policymakers within the City of
Galveston when acting in their official capacity, and includes the City of Galveston’s
agents, attorneys, or any Person acting on the City of Galveston’s behalf with the
knowledge, direction, or delegated authority of a Final Policymaker.
“Concern(s),” “concerning,” “refer(s) to,” referring to,” “relate(s) to,” “relating to,”
“pertain(s) to,” and “pertaining to” shall mean referring to, referred to, comprising,
comprised of, alluding to, responding to, connected with, commenting on, in respect of,
about, regarding, discussing, showing, deciding, mentioning, reflecting, analyzing,
constituting, evidencing, and all other words of similar import. These terms include
Documents and any item or information that may support,
“Document” means information, representations, video, audio, and images recorded in any
format, whether printed, typed, hand-written, digital, electronic, optical, or magnetic. The
term includes originals and all non-identical copies of writings, drawings, charts,
photographs, and other recordings from which information can be obtained. By way of
example, the term includes:
1. Tangible things as described in FED. R. CIV. P. 34;
2. Letters, telegrams, faxes, text messages, and emails, along with any enclosures or
attachments;
3. Memoranda, notes, diaries, minutes, working papers, telephone messages;
4. Lists, statistics, reports, studies, summaries;
5. Contracts, agreements, settlements;
6. Tags, labels, brochures, periodicals, receipts, owners manuals;
7. Spreadsheets, Power Point, presentations;
8. Photographs, charts, microfiche, microfilm, audio and video recordings, motion
pictures;
9. Plans, drawings, surveys, plats, specifications;
10. Appraisals, evaluations, inspection reports;
11. Audits, investigations, reviews, hearings; and
12. All drafts, alterations, modifications, changes, and amendments of any of the
foregoing.
Electronic, magnetic, and optical data, including metadata, is to be produced on readable
CD, DVD, or USB flash-drive.
“Final Policymaker” means a government official who is charged with virtually absolute
authority over particular tasks or areas of responsibility entrusted to him or her by the state
constitution or statutes, and who is accountable directly to the voters for his or her conduct
in carrying out those tasks or areas of responsibility.
“GFD” means the Galveston Fire Department, a subdivision of the City of Galveston and
persona non sui juris.
“Identify” or “Identity” when used in reference to a natural Person means to state his or
her full name, maiden name(s) if applicable, the other names by which that Person has been
known, marital status, present business and home addresses, social security number,
driver's license number and State of issue, and date and place of birth. “Identify” or
“Identity” when used in reference to any other Person means to state its full name, other
names under which the business or entity has operated, and its complete address.
The “Incident” means the relevant events in the time leading up to, during, and immediately
following Chief Roy driving his GFD Vehicle toward the Plaintiff, as described in
Plaintiff’s Original Complaint in this Matter.
“Including” and “includes” mean “including or includes, but is not limited to,” and is
intended as a term of expansion and not of limitation or exclusive enumeration.
“Investigation” means any inquiry, review, analysis, assessment, or evaluation, whether
formal or informal, internal or external, and includes notes, memoranda, summaries, drafts,
recommendations, findings, and conclusions.
This “Matter” means Civil Action No. 3:25-CV-00058 currently pending in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Laredo Division, styled Robert
Harvey v. William Roy, in his individual capacity; and City of Galveston, as that styling
may be amended from time to time.
“Person” or “Persons” means any entity, whether a natural person or otherwise, and
includes a corporation, organization, government or governmental subdivision or agency,
business trust, estate, trust, partnership, association, and any other legal entity, as defined
by Texas Government Code § 311.005(2).
The “Place of the Incident” means at or near the southbound side of the 1800 block of 61st
Street in Galveston, Texas, which is alleged to be where the Incident took place, but
includes any other place in which it is determined that the Incident took place.
“Plaintiff” means Robert Harvey, plaintiff in this Matter.
The “Time of the Incident” means the date and time that the Incident occurred, which is
alleged to be the early morning of June 22, 2024, but includes any other date and time in
which it is determined that the Incident took place. Unless context requires otherwise, the
Time of the Incident refers specifically to the one-minute window during which Chief Roy
drove a GFD vehicle toward Plaintiff at the Place of the Incident.
“Video” means any moving or still recording of images, with or without audio, including
but not limited to dashcam, bodycam, surveillance, cellphone, or other digital recordings,
whether maintained by the City or obtained from a third party.
LIST OF FACTS REQUESTED TO BE ADMITTED
1. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy was operating a City-owned vehicle at the Time of the
Incident.
2. Admit that the vehicle operated by Battalion Chief Roy was a motor-driven vehicle
within the meaning of Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code §101.021.
3. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy did not activate the siren of his vehicle at the Time of
the Incident.
4. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy accelerated his vehicle toward Plaintiff at the Time of
the Incident.
5. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy’s vehicle entered an area designated for pedestrian use
at the Time of the Incident.
6. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy’s vehicle made physical contact with Plaintiff.
7. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy did not warn Plaintiff to move before accelerating his
vehicle toward Plaintiff.
8. Admit that Plaintiff was standing on or near the sidewalk immediately prior to being
struck.
9. Admit that Plaintiff was not committing any crime at the Time of the Incident.
10. Admit that Plaintiff was not obstructing any emergency operations at the Time of the
Incident.
11. Admit that no emergency existed requiring Battalion Chief Roy to drive into the
pedestrian area at the Time of the Incident.
12. Admit that other civilians were walking freely in the area without being ordered to leave
at the Time of the Incident.
13. Admit that Plaintff was not ordered or requested to leave the Place of the Incident by
any City employee in the hour preceding the Incident.
14. Admit that the City has not produced any evidence that any pedestrians were ordered
or requested to leave the Place of the Incident in the hour preceding the Incident.
15. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy left the Place of the Incident after the Time of the
Incident without rendering aid or identifying himself to Plaintiff.
16. Admit that the City did not discipline Battalion Chief Roy for his conduct during the
Incident.
17. Admit that the City did not suspend Battalion Chief Roy as a result of the Incident.
18. Admit that the City did not provide remedial training to Battalion Chief Roy following
the Incident.
19. Admit that the City did not issue a written reprimand to Battalion Chief Roy following
the Incident.
20. Admit that no City policymaker has stated that Battalion Chief Roy’s conduct violated
City policy.
21. Admit that the City’s investigation into the Incident was closed without discipline
against Battalion Chief Roy.
22. Admit that the City’s police investigation into the Incident concluded with the
Galveston Police Department requesting or recommending that the Galveston County
District Attorney’s Office not file charges against Battalion Chief Roy.
23. Admit that the City has not communicated to Plaintiff any disciplinary action taken
against Battalion Chief Roy.
24. Admit that the City has not communicated to Plaintiff that Battalion Chief Roy’s
conduct was contrary to City policy.
25. Admit that the City has not admitted that Battalion Chief Roy’s conduct was wrongful.
26. Admit that the City did not test the urine sample for all substances identified in its
standard post-accident testing protocol.
27. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy was not driving to a fire emergency at the Time of the
Incident.
28. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy was not driving to a medical emergency at the Time of
the Incident.
29. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy was not driving to any active emergency call at the
Time of the Incident.
30. Admit that Battalion Chief Roy was using his emergency lights for traffic control only
at the Time of the Incident.
31. Admit that the City has not disciplined any City employee for the loss, destruction, or
non-production of any document or video related to the Incident.
32. Admit that the City reported Plaintiff’s claim arising from the Incident to the Texas
Municipal League Intergovernmental Risk Pool.
33. Admit that Plaintiff has incurred medical expenses following the Incident.
INTERROGATORIES
1. Identify all City officials or employees who reviewed or had authority to discipline
Battalion Chief Roy following the Incident, and state the actions taken or intentionally
not taken.
2. Describe all reasons the City contends Battalion Chief Roy did not violate policy, and
identify any policies relied upon.
3. Identify all complaints made against Battalion Chief Roy in the five years preceding
June 22, 2024, and describe the City’s responses.
4. Describe all training provided to Battalion Chiefs on interactions with pedestrians while
operating City vehicles.
5. Identify all facts supporting the City’s contention that Battalion Chief Roy was
responding to an “emergency” within the meaning of Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code
§101.055 at the time of the incident.
6. Identify all City employees who had possession, custody, or control of bodycam,
dashcam, or surveillance videos related to Incident No. 24-003697, and explain the
disposition of each recording.
7. Identify each fact that supports the City’s contention that Plaintiff was not struck by the
vehicle operated by Battalion Chief Roy on June 22, 2024.
8. Identify all persons who have provided a statement, testimony, or account in which they
claim Plaintiff was not struck by the vehicle, and summarize the substance of each
statement.
9. Identify each document, video, or recording the City contends supports its claim that
Plaintiff was not struck by the vehicle.
10. Identify each fact that supports the City’s contention that Plaintiff’s injuries were de
minimis.
11. Identify each medical record, report, or opinion in the City’s possession that supports
the contention that Plaintiff suffered no more than de minimis injuries.
12. Identify all facts supporting any contention that any of the injuries which Plaintiff
claims resulted from the Incident were caused by anything other than the Incident.
13. Identify all City officials who had responsibility or authority to preserve or produce
bodycam or dashcam footage related to the Incident and the resulting investigation, and
state what steps were taken to preserve such footage.
REQUESTS FOR PRODUCTION
1. Produce the personnel file of Battalion Chief William Roy (redacted for personal
identifiers), including disciplinary records and training history.
2. Produce any photographs, diagrams, scene documentation, or other documents created
by the City in relation to the Incident.
3. Produce all internal investigation files regarding Battalion Chief Roy’s conduct during
the Incident, including disciplinary decisions, correspondence, and review memoranda.
4. Produce all records relating to the decision whether or not to discipline Battalion Chief
Roy for his conduct during the Incident.
5. Produce all communications between the City, the Fire Department, and the Police
Department regarding whether Battalion Chief Roy’s conduct during the Incident
complied with City policies or applicable law.
6. Produce all communications or reports regarding bodycam or dashcam footage related
to Incident 24-003697, including references to lost, destroyed, or non-existent
recordings.
7. Produce all documents relating to any decision by City policymakers (including the Fire
Chief, Assistant Fire Chief, and City Manager) concerning the June 22, 2024 incident.
8. Produce the City’s policies, procedures, or manuals governing post-incident
investigations of GFD vehicle accidents.
9. Produce the City’s TTCA claims file for Robert Harvey’s notice of claim.
10. Produce all reports, statements, or correspondence concerning the surveillance video
from Zendeh Del & Associates.
11. Produce all communications with the Galveston County District Attorney’s Office
concerning the incident.
12. Produce all documents, photographs, videos, or recordings that the City contends show
Plaintiff was not struck by the vehicle operated by Battalion Chief Roy.
13. Produce all witness statements, reports, or notes relating to any person who stated or
suggested that Plaintiff was not struck by the vehicle.
14. Produce all medical records, medical opinions, or other documents that the City
contends support its position that Plaintiff’s injuries were de minimis.
15. Produce all communications between the City, the Fire Department, the Police
Department, or any other agency concerning whether Plaintiff was struck by the
vehicle.
16. Produce all communications between the City and any Person concerning whether
Plaintiff’s injuries were de minimis.
17. Produce all correspondence between the City and the Texas Municipal League
Intergovernmental Risk Pool regarding the incident, claim, or defense of this lawsuit.