TX ATTORNEY GROUP, PLLC
Phone: (281) 815-0387 405 Main Street, Ste. 1000, Houston, TX 77002 Fax: (281) 612-3006
www.txattorneygroup.com
August 28, 2024
Sent Via Email: intake.imaging@townsenhospital.com
Townsen Memorial Imaging
3003 S. Loop West, Ste. 140
Houston, TX 77054
Re: Patient: Robert Harvey
DOB: 2/7/1978
DOI: 6/21/2024
Dear Sir/Madam:
This firm represents Robert Harvey for injuries received as the result of a crash that
occurred on the above date.
It is our understanding you have requested a “Letter of Protection” (LOP) with respect to
your professional charges. This office is pleased to be able to work with you concerning the health
care of our client and your patient, Robert Harvey.
As is more and more the case these days, insurance companies are refusing to meet their
reasonable obligations to pay for the medical care of the people their insured’s injured by opting
to drag matters out as long as they can and then requiring recourse to lawsuits in many cases. The
responsible party’s insurance company is actually in charge of the defense of this case and would
prefer that a jury not know the truth about the way claims are handled in many cases.
It is the policy of this office, with or without the issuance of an LOP, to withhold, from the
proceeds of any recovery made by settlement or judgment on behalf of the client all outstanding
and unpaid balances for reasonable and necessary healthcare expenses incurred by the client
arising out of the event made the basis of the claim and to pay reasonable and necessary charges
or as much thereof as may be reasonable in relationship to any settlement or judgment.
The responsible party’s insurance company often “low balls” these cases to force otherwise
unnecessary litigation even though responsibility for the event in question is reasonably clear.
Undoubtedly, a Letter of Protection gives the defense an unfair and, in our opinion,
unjustified opportunity to exploit the client who is the injured party and who needed the medical
services from the generous healthcare provider who extends them while the claim is being
processed. Unfortunately, LOP’s often provide the responsible party, its insurance company and
defense attorney the opportunity to declare the healthcare provider to whom the LOP was furnished
has a direct financial interest in a favorable outcome of the case, when they well know the right of
the health care provider to be paid is not contingent upon the outcome of the case, but exists
independently of the claim against the responsible party.
We recognize an LOP is nothing more than an acknowledgement on the part of a grateful
patient to pay a considerate healthcare provider's proper bills and who has done nothing more than
extend credit to that patient, a practice engaged in by businesses of all kinds; but, defense attorneys
do not portray them in this true light. They delight in waving them before a jury with the argument
or suggestion that the healthcare provider and the client have improperly colluded in some fashion
in an attempt to extort money from the defendant to pay unreasonable charges in exchange for
cooperation or favorable testimony on behalf of the patient. They know nothing could be farther
from the truth where an LOP is concerned, but that does not matter to the insurance company that
hired them to represent the person responsible for the injuries. They stop at nothing, if they think
it will prejudice the patient's case in the eyes of the jurors and do not hesitate to put an improper
spin on the mere extension of credit to the patient by the healthcare providers.
It must be understood the terms of this LOP with respect to this office remain in force and
effect, only so long as the client is represented by us. Should the representation of this office be
terminated for any reason, this office will no longer be responsible for final resolution of the claim
which would include withholding payment for your necessary and reasonable charges.
Further, this office will not withhold and pay any sums for charges incurred for missed
appointments or services not delivered. This office will cooperate with you to encourage
attendance for all scheduled appointment(s).
Please take NOTICE this LOP is conditionally based. It requires the cooperation of you
and your billing and records custodians with this office on behalf of the patient to authenticate
medical records and billing statements supported in either Affidavit form and/or Deposition on
Written Question (DWQ) for purposes of trial, if suit on behalf of the patient is filed in a
Court. This office or an agent representing this office, will provide the necessary forms to you,
your office or medical records and billing records custodians that comply with state law for legal
purposes incident to trial. No other form of affidavits will be acceptable as we must be assured
your affidavits conform to the mandated requirements of the law of this State. In this respect this
office will reimburse your office for the reasonable costs associated with obtaining medical records
and billing statements in proper order; and with respect to their being signed and
notarized. However, any failure or refusal of your office to comply with the law and these
requirements will revoke and invalidate this Letter of Protection from its original date of delivery.
While reasonable charges will be paid for narrative reports of care, such charges should be
clearly indicated on the bill or billed separately from the itemized medical services rendered to the
patient. Identification of care charges separate from report charges is made necessary for fair and
proper claim management and accounting.
This firm does not personally guarantee payment and assumes no responsibility for paying
your bill. The obligation to pay the reasonable and necessary charges for your service remains
that of the patient only. If there is no recovery from the responsible party or that party’s insurance
company there can be no payment received from this office, though it is recognized your right to
be paid for reasonable and necessary charges would not be affected.
This LOP is not assignable or transferable to any other person or organization without the
written permission of this office. In the event of an assignment or transfer it shall be null and void
and of no effect.
Additionally, this LOP will supersede any document of an assignment of benefits and/or
proceeds generated by your office that may have been erroneously and/or inadvertently signed by
our client regarding this incident, and will automatically make it null and void and of no effect.
My office is happy to keep you advised as to any progress or status made in this matter. We
strive to minimize the length of time a case may take before it can be resolved. However, due to
the harsh and unfair position being taken by many insurance companies representing the
responsible party and since they have exclusive control over the claim and the defense attorneys
they hire to represent the responsible party, there is always the possibility a trial may be set in this
matter, not because the client wants it, but because of the insurance company's failure to act fairly
and respond reasonably to this claim.
Once again, thank you for your consideration of client who, at this time, is unable to
otherwise manage the charges necessary for care and treatment.
Sincerely,
David A. Bleakney Jr.
Attorney at Law
State Bar No. :24103798
Address: 405 Main Street, Ste. 1000
Houston, Texas 77002
Tel: 281-815-0387
Fax: 281-612-3006
Email: david@txattorneygroup.com