PDD000027
Detective A. Rogers #554
Galveston Police Department
Criminal Investigation Division
Aggravated Assault
24-003697
June 24, 2024,
I, Detective A. Rogers #554 am a licensed Police Officer employed by the City of Galveston Police
Department (GPD). I am a Detective assigned to the Major Crimes Unit within the Criminal Investigation
Division (CID). On Monday June 24, 2024, I was investigating assigned case number 24-003697.
In reading the original report, I learned that on Saturday June 22, 2024 there was a report made of an
assault by use of a motor vehicle. I learned that the victim, Robert Harvey (W/M, DOB: Birth Dates )
alleged to police that he was struck by Galveston Fire Department Unit #2364 (BC-4). I learned that Unit
2346 was being drive by Galveston Fire Department Battalion Chief (BC) William Roy. I learned that BC
Roy was in the area of 1813 61st Street Galveston, Galveston County Texas 77551 in reference to a fire.
I learned that BC Roy was inside of Unit 2364 when he was advised that the fire was located at a
business to the south of his current location. I learned that BC Roy advised Officers on scene that he
then backed into 61st Street and turned his wheels to the right to pull into the parking lot and travel
south to get closer to the fire. I learned that BC Roy had to make this maneuver to avoid colliding with
the marquee, which is located in the eastern most portion of the parking lot.
I learned that upon speaking to Officers BC Roy stated that two pedestrians began yelling and cussing at
him and were video recording him. I learned that BC Roy then pulled into the parking lot, which is when
Robert Harvey stated Unit 2364, which was driven by BC Roy, struck him. I learned that BC Roy then left
and was later called back to the scene by another member of the Galveston Fire Department. Upon
arriving back at the scene, I learned that BC Roy advised Officers he did not know he hit anyone and did
not feel anything or anyone strike Unit 2364. I learned that the ID Division took photographs of Unit
2364 and there was no visible damage found to Unit 2364.
I learned that Officers then spoke to Robert Harvey who stated that he and Bruce Rebmann were
walking down the sidewalk when the air horn in GFD Unit 2364 went off and caused Harvey’s eardrum
to begin to hurt. Robert Harvey stated he began getting mad and cussed at BC Roy at which time he hit
his air horn again. I learned that Robert Harvey advised Unit 2364 then backed up into 61st Street and
PDD000028
then preceded forward into the parking lot at which time Unit 2364 pushed Harvey’s tripod into his body
causing the bumper of the vehicle to strike Harvey’s knee and the mirror of Unit 2364 to strike his upper
right arm.
I learned that the Patrol Division documented cameras being on the premises and that both Robert
Harvey and Bruce Rebmann to have video of this incident. I also learned that Officer Watson contacted
ADA Agbu and advised her of the details of this case. ADA Agbu advised Officer Watson to refer this case
to the Criminal Investigation Division for further investigation and to obtain the video from the
businesses on location. It should be noted that at the time of this incident the red emergency lights of
Unit 2364 were fully activated.
10:04AM – I attempted to contact Robert Harvey via telephone and did not receive and answer. I left a
detailed message asking Robert Harvey to return my call at his convenience.
10:42AM – I emailed GFD staff including, Chief Charles Olsen, Assistant Chief Mike Varela, Fire Marshall
Chris Harrison, and Richie Pearson advising them I was investigating this case. I also requested any
documentation they might have from their side in reference to this incident.
10:45AM – I contacted Bruce Redmann (W/M, DOB: Birth Dates ) and learned that he was on scene with
the victim at the time of this incident. I learned from Bruce Redmann that he was facing away from the
incident when Robert Harvey stated he was struck GFD Unit 2346, but was close enough to hear the
sirens from Unit 2346, which Bruce Redmann stated caused his eardrums to hurt. Bruce Redmann
elaborated and stated that he felt these sirens were used in an unnecessary manner and he feels the
driver of the vehicle could have used his horn to be just as effective. The above is a brief synopsis of my
conversation with Bruce Redmann. The entirety of my conversation was audio recorded using my Polaris
body worn camera, but was lost in the system and not able to be recovered.
11:04AM – I received an email from Fire Chief Charles Olsen stating that Trevor Fanning with the City of
Galveston City Attorney’s Office would be the point of contact for the Fire Department.
11:07AM – I emailed Bruce Redmann at galvestonislandtransparency@gmail.com and requested video
from the incident.
11:09AM – I was contacted by Detective Goetschius stating that he spoke to representatives at Zendeh
Del & Associates and learned that there was no one in the office and the video from the location could
not be accessed at this time. Zendeh Del & Associates is located at 1813 61st Street Galveston, Galveston
PDD000029
County, Texas 77551 and the owner of the law firm Jonathan Zendeh Del owns the entire strip center
and leases office space to other businesses.
11:42AM – I emailed Trevor Fanning with the City Of Galveston City Attorney’s Office and requested any
documents he could provide me from the Fire Department. These documents specifically include the
drug and alcohol screening which BC Roy took the date of this incident.
12:57PM – I received an email from Bruce Redmann which contained the video which he took as well as
the video which was taken by Robert Harvey on the night of this incident.
1:59PM – I emailed Trevor Fanning to inquire if the Unit 2346 had dash cameras or any other recording
devices on the vehicle.
2:31PM – I received an email sent to myself and Trevor Fanning from Fire Chief Charles Olsen stating
Unit 2346 did not in fact have dash cameras or any other recording devices on the vehicle.
2:47M – I was advised by Detective Goetschius that he spoke to Jonathan Zendeh Del and learned from
Jonathan Zendeh Del that he does have the video which was recorded from his law office located at
1813 61st Street Galveston, Galveston County, Texas 77551. I learned that Jonathan Zendeh Del stated
he would preserve the video and send it to Detective Goetschius as soon as he arrived back into town.
Jonathan Zendeh Del advised he was currently out of the country.
June 25, 2024,
2:08PM – I attempted to contact Robert Harvey again via telephone and did not receive an answer upon
calling. I left a detailed message asking Robert Harvey to return my call at his convenience.
2:26PM – I emailed Bruce Redmann asking for his assistance in having Robert Harvey contact me in
reference to this case.
June 26, 2024,
8:47AM - I found that I had a voicemail on my desk phone from Robert Harvey which I received
yesterday (June 25, 2024) at 4:02PM .
PDD000030
10:42AM – I again attempted to contact Robert Harvey and did not receive and answer. I again left a
detailed message requesting Robert Harvey to contact me at his convenience.
3:36PM – I found that I had a voicemail on my desk phone from Robert Harvey which I received earlier
on this date.
3:40PM – I contacted Robert Harvey via telephone and spoke to him in reference to this incident. Robert
Harvey advised me that he suffered an injury to his shoulder during this incident as well as damage to
his hearing due to how loud the siren was on Unit 2346. I confirmed that Robert Harvey stated he did
wish to pursue criminal charges due to this incident. Robert Harvey stated to me that he did seek
medical attention after this incident and I requested documentation showing this. Robert Harvey
advised me he would seek the advice of his attorney and if his attorney told him it was fine, he would
then send the documents to me. I emailed Robert Harvey at h8rsluvme7@gmail.com to assure he had
my correct email address.
Robert Harvey advised me that he and Bruce Redmann were recording a separate incident when they
saw lights and made there was to the area where the Galveston Fire Department was located. Robert
Harvey stated that the driver of Unit 2346 hit his sirens, which Harvey felt was unnecessary. Robert
Harvey stated this action caused damage to his eardrums. Robert Harvey further advised me this also
caused pain to his leg. Robert Harvey also told me that the incident did not cause damage to his camera
or the tripod he was using to hold the camera. The above is a brief synopsis of my conversation with
Robert Harvey. The entirety of my conversation was audio recorded using my Polaris body worn camera,
but was lost in the system and not able to be recovered.
4:33PM – I contacted GFD Firefighter Jeremy Morris and got a statement from him in reference to this
incident. I learned that Jeremy Morris did not see anything in regards to what occurred on this date. The
above is a brief synopsis of my conversation with Jeremey Morris. The entirety of my conversation was
audio recorded using my Polaris body worn camera, but was lost in the system and not able to be
recovered.
4:38PM – I attempted to contact GFD Firefighter Paul Santucci and found that there was no answer
upon my calling. I left a detailed message asking Paul Santucci to return my call at his convenience.
4:41PM – I contacted GFD Firefighter Donald Dobson and got a statement from him in reference to this
incident. I learned that Donald Dobson did not see anything in regards to what occurred on this date.
The above is a brief synopsis of my conversation with Donald Dobson. The entirety of my conversation
PDD000031
was audio recorded using my Polaris body worn camera, but was lost in the system and not able to be
recovered.
4:44PM – I attempted to contact GFD Firefighter Jordan Scott and found that there was no answer upon
my calling. I left a detailed message asking Jordan Scott to return my call at his convenience.
4:47PM – I attempted to contact GFD Firefighter Tim Johnson and found that there was no answer upon
my calling. I left a detailed message asking Tim Johnson to return my call at his convenience.
June 27, 2024,
8:37AM – I received a call from William Roy (BC Roy) of the Galveston Fire Department. BC Roy advised
me he was in fact driving Unit 2346 on the night of this incident. BC Roy stated he responded to a fire in
the 1800 block of 61st Street and upon arriving heard someone state that the fire was located to the
south of his location behind a building which is currently under construction. BC Roy advised he backed
his unit into 61st Street so he could turn to the right and avoid striking a marquee sign, which was in the
southeastern portion of parking lot at 1813 61st Street.
BC Roy stated he did not feel his vehicle make contact with anything or anyone and continued through
the parking lot south into the area of the building under construction. BC Roy stated that when he
cleared the scene and left he received a phone call from another Battalion Chief stating to come back to
the scene and that it was being alleged he struck someone with his vehicle. BC Roy stated he
immediately returned to the scene and cooperated with the investigation. BC Roy stated he then
completed the procedures for a urine analysis and drug screening per GFD and city of Galveston policy.
The above is a brief synopsis of my conversation with William Roy (BC Roy). The entirety of my
conversation was audio recorded using my Polaris body worn camera, but was lost in the system and
not able to be recovered.
8:53AM – I received an email from Trevor Fanning containing the results of BC Roy’s drug screening. I
found in reading the screening that BC Roy had negative results for all drugs tested for.
9:30AM – I received an email from Detective Goetschius which contained the video from the business
owned by Jonathan Zendeh Del. In viewing the video it is obvious to me that Unit 2346 does not strike
the body of Robert Harvey. Robert Harvey has a tripod between himself and Unit 2346 and it does not
appear there is damage to the tripod belonging to Robert Harvey either. It should be noted that Robert
Harvey also never alleged that his tripod was struck or damaged.
PDD000032
1:55PM – I attempted to contact Galveston Firefighter Tim Johnson and did not receive an answer. I left
a message requesting Tim Johnson return my call at his convenience.
2:05PM – I contacted GFD Firefighter Paul Santucci and got a statement from him in reference to this
incident. I learned that Paul Santucci did not see anything in regards to what occurred on this date. The
above is a brief synopsis of my conversation with Paul Santucci. The entirety of my conversation was
audio recorded using my Polaris body worn camera, but was lost in the system and not able to be
recovered.
2:14PM - I contacted GFD Firefighter Jordan Scott and got a statement from him in reference to this
incident. I learned that Jordan Scott did not see anything in regards to what occurred on this date. The
above is a brief synopsis of my conversation with Jordan Scott. The entirety of my conversation was
audio recorded using my Polaris body worn camera, but was lost in the system and not able to be
recovered.
2:53PM - I contacted GFD Firefighter Tim Johnson and got a statement from him in reference to this
incident. I learned that Tim Johnson did not see anything in regards to what occurred on this date and
was not on scene at the time of the incident. I learned that Tim Johnson is also a Battalion Chief and was
the one who call William Roy back to the scene. I learned that Tim Johnson did not see the incident
occur on this night and was only made aware of the situation after the fact. The above is a brief synopsis
of my conversation with Tim Johnson. The entirety of my conversation was audio recorded using my
Polaris body worn camera, but was lost in the system and not able to be recovered.
June 28, 2024,
10:28AM – I sent an email to Robert Harvey again requesting his medical records.
July 1, 2024,
2:24PM – I emailed David Smith and Robert Simmons of the City of Galveston in reference to Unit 2346
being downed at the city lot. I learned that due to a lack of damage to Unit 2346 Robert Simmons
advised the vehicle did not need to be downed.
July 3, 2024,
PDD000033
11:17AM – Received an email from Robert Harvey containing his medical documentation.
4:13PM – I emailed a department letterhead to lfranklin@gchd.org requesting medical documentation
from EMS. A copy of this letterhead was scanned into RMS under this case number.
July 12, 2024,
1:30PM – I met with ADA Agbu and presented her with the video obtained from the law offices of
Zendeh Del & Associates along with documentation I received in reference to this case. ADA Agbu
advised me she would reach out to me in reference to criminal charges after she views all evidence
provided to her.
August 7, 2024,
2:00 – I met with ADA Megan Jones who was recently assigned the new District Attorney over the office
of Public Integrity. I explained the details to ADA Jones in reference to the issues with the body worn
cameras saving and provided ADA Jones with all the details and documentation in regards to this case.
August 16, 2024,
4:05PM – I received a call from ADA Megan Jones advising me the Galveston County District Attorney’s
Office would not be pursuing criminal charges in reference to this case.
Disposition:
ADA Declined Criminal Charges
PDD000034
PDD000035 Redaction Date: 1/8/2025 10:18:42 AM
Redaction Log
Total Number of Redactions in Document: 2
Redaction Reasons by Page
Page Reason Description Occurrences
552.1175 Birth dates
1 Birth Dates 1
552.1175 Birth dates
2 Birth Dates 1
PDD000036 Redaction Date: 1/8/2025 10:18:42 AM
Redaction Log
Redaction Reasons by Exemption
Pages
Reason Description
(Count)
1(1)
552.1175 Birth dates
Birth Dates 2(1)