TX ATTORNEY GROUP, PLLC
Phone: (832) 286-0800 405 Main Street, Ste. 1000
Fax: (281) 612-3006 Houston, Texas 77002
December 3, 2024
Via email to Lamisa.Chowdhury@lewisbrisbois.com, Norman.Giles@lewisbrisbois.com, and
Rocio.Rivera@lewisbrisbois.com
Mr. Norman Ray Giles
Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith, LLP
24 Greenway Plaza, Suite 1400
Houston, Texas 77046
RE: Robert Harvey v. William Roy and City of Galveston, Civil action no. 3:25-CV-
00058; in the Southern District of Texas, Galveston Division.
Dear Mr. Giles,
Thank you for your letter dated November 3, 2025, regarding Plaintiff’s discovery
responses. We have reviewed your concerns and, in the spirit of cooperation under FRCP 37 and
in accordance with our agreement, we are serving Plaintiff Robert Harvey’s Amended and
Supplemental Responses and Objections to Defendants’ Request for Production. These
supplemental responses are attached.
We believe these supplemental responses cure the procedural deficiencies identified in
your letter and moot the need for Court intervention. Specifically:
A. General Objections
We have withdrawn the separate “General Objections” section from our original response.
All objections are now incorporated, with specificity, into each individual response.
B. “Will Supplement” Responses
We have removed all "will supplement" statements. The attached supplemental responses
provide a definitive, final statement for each request, confirming that after a diligent search, no
additional responsive documents are in Plaintiff’s possession, custody, or control, other than what
has been produced.
C. Production Format (RFP 10 and others)
We confirm that our medical damages production (Bates-stamped PDM000001 through
PDM000099) is, in accordance with Rule 34(b)(2)(E)(i), organized to correspond to the categories
in your requests, as described in the supplemental response.
Your letter stated that Plaintiff “improperly pointed to Plaintiff entire production” in RFP
10 and others, but this is incorrect. Plaintiff actually pointed only to Plaintiff’s medical records,
denoted “PDM,” which we believe was a proper response to those requests concerning Plaintiff’s
damages and physical injuries. Therefore, I believe that your objections to Plaintiff’s production
format are a misunderstanding rather than a failure of production.
Plaintiff’s other production was labeled “PDD,” and each produced document in that range
has a descriptive file name for ease of searching.
To further alleviate your concerns, we have also supplemented our damages responses
(e.g., RFPs 10, 25-28) to point to more specific Bates ranges and, where appropriate, provided
parenthetical explanations to categorize the production.
D. “Legal Conclusions” Objections
We have revised our responses to these requests. While we maintain our objections to the
phrasing, we have, in good faith, interpreted the requests as seeking a factual basis and have
identified the specific documents that support those claims (e.g., the incident video, medical
records, etc.).
While we have endeavored to resolve the majority of your concerns, there are two areas
where we must, respectfully, maintain our legal position, as detailed in the attached supplemental
responses:
A. RFPs 31 & 32 (Signed Releases):
Our amended response maintains our objections as to the overbreadth of the request (e.g.,
the 2018 date range and the demand for highly sensitive mental health/substance abuse records not
at issue in this case). However, in an effort to avoid motion practice, our response now indicates
that Plaintiff is willing to provide more narrowly-tailored releases. We are ready to confer on the
specific scope and language of those releases at your convenience.
Regarding employment records, my client has been self-employed since 2022, and the
requested employment authorization would likely only reveal employment matters unrelated to the
present claim. If you still believe you need an employment record release, we can confer regarding
appropriately tailored wording for such a release.
B. Social Media
We have withdrawn our original “publicly available” objection as a basis for withholding
production. Our amended response provides a detailed, specific objection based on proportionality
and undue burden, which we believe is appropriate given the nature of my client’s social media
activity. However, in the spirit of cooperation, we have construed the request narrowly and
identified the specific, public-facing posts responsive to that narrow request. We believe this fully
resolves the issue.
We trust this supplemental response fully resolves the outstanding discovery issues.
Plaintiff will continue to supplement his responses in the ordinary course as additional responsive,
non-privileged information is identified. If, after reviewing the enclosed amended responses, you
believe there are remaining disputes that we have not resolved, please let me know and I will be
happy to confer further.
Regarding your request for deposition dates, you have noticed Plaintiff’s deposition for
December 12, 2025. This date is currently fine for us. However, as I previously mentioned by
email, I have been summoned for jury duty on December 8. In the unlikely event that I am selected,
we will likely need to reschedule this deposition.
Please also provide dates in the next 60 days when Chief Roy will be available for a
deposition. We look forward to moving ahead with the case now that written discovery is
progressing.
Sincerely,
Benjamin S. Campagna
For the firm
Enc: Plaintiff’s Amended and Supplemental Responses to Request for Production