Allied Orthopedics
403 N. York Street Houston, TX 77003 Tel: (713) 378-0667 Fax: (713) 300-9990
Re: Patient: Robert Harvey
Date of Birth: 02/07/1978
Date of Injury: 6/21/2024
Date of Exam: 10/07/2024
INITIAL MEDICAL REPORT
Chief Complaint:
Right shoulder pain.
Vitals:
Height: 6’3”
Weight: 230 pounds
Blood pressure: 109/79
Pulse: 63
History of Injury:
The patient is a 46-year-old right-hand dominant male who was involved in a pedestrian
versus motor vehicle accident on 06/21/2024. Per patient, as he was walking on the sidewalk,
the passenger’s side mirror of a truck struck his right arm. He presents today with intermittent
complaints of right shoulder pain with at and above shoulder-level activities. Currently, he
rates his right shoulder pain a 6/10 on a pain scale from 1 to 10. He has completed
approximately one month of formal rehab therapy thus far. He denies any pain or problems
with the right shoulder prior to the accident.
Past Medical History:
Denies.
Past Surgical History:
Denies.
Current Medications:
Ibuprofen.
Allergies:
Denies.
Social History:
Negative for smoking, drinking and illicit drug usage.
Family History:
Noncontributory.
Review of Systems: As noted above.
Page 2
Hardy, Robert
10/07/2024
Objective Clinical Findings:
On examination, he is alert and oriented x3. He appears to be in no noted distress at this time.
Examination of the right shoulder demonstrates he has no tenderness to palpation over the AC
joint or greater tuberosity. Actively, he has 120 degrees of forward elevation and abduction at
the side. Passively, he has 75 degrees of external rotation at the side. Actively, he has
internal rotation to the level of L5. Passively, in full abduction, he has 70 degrees of external
rotation and 30 degrees of internal rotation. He has a positive impingement sign. There is
pain with crossed-body adduction. He has 4+/5 resisted internal rotation strength. He has 4/5
resisted external rotation strength with the arm to the side and in full abduction. He has 4/5
resisted forward elevation in the scapular plane. He has a negative lift-off and belly press
maneuver. He has a negative external rotation lag, hornblower's, and drop arm sign. He has a
positive O'Brien's, crank, and resisted throw test. Distally, he is neurovascularly intact in his
right upper extremity.
Imaging:
Images performed with Townsend Memorial Hospital on 09/09/2024 with results as follows:
MRI of the right shoulder without contrast. Impression: Labral tear involving the superior,
anterosuperior and posterosuperior segments, mild subacromial-subdeltoid bursitis, mild
glenohumeral joint effusion. Read by Dr. Chad Porter.
Assessment:
This is a 46-year-old right-hand dominant male status post a pedestrian versus motor vehicle
accident with right shoulder SLAP tear and subacromial-subdeltoid bursitis.
Plan:
Nonoperative and operative treatments were discussed with the patient. At this time, the
patient wishes to continue a nonoperative course of treatment. It is recommended he
completes four weeks of formal rehab therapy twice a week for the next four weeks for right
shoulder active range of motion, capsular stretching, modalities, active rotator cuff and
scapular stabilizer strengthening exercises. It is recommended that he continues a home
exercise program. He can use ice, heat, over-the-counter pain medications and/or anti-
inflammatory medications on an as-needed basis. We will see him back in four weeks’ time.
Shelby Gunby, FNP-C
I have seen and examined the patient and agree with the assessment and plan.
A. Dushi Parameswaran, M.D.
Allied Orthopedics
403 N. York Street Houston, TX 77003 Tel: (713) 378-0667 Fax: (713) 300-9990
Re: Patient: Robert Harvey
Date of Birth: 02/07/1978
Date of Injury: 06/21/2024
Date of Exam: 11/04/2024
FOLLOW UP VISIT NOTE
Vitals:
Height: 6’3”
Weight: 230 pounds
Blood pressure: 120/67
Pulse: 72
History of Injury:
He is a 46-year-old right-hand dominant male status post a pedestrian versus motor vehicle
collision with right shoulder SLAP tear and subacromial-subdeltoid bursitis. He has been
participating in formal rehab as well as home exercise program. However, he continues to
have right shoulder pain at rest, at night and during the day with any type of at and above
shoulder-level activities. Today, on a scale of 1 to 10, he rates his right shoulder pain 6 to
9/10. He has been taking pain medications and anti-inflammatory medications on an as-
needed basis.
Objective Clinical Findings:
On physical examination, he is alert and oriented x3. He is in mild distress. Examination of
the right shoulder demonstrates he does have tenderness to palpation over the AC joint and the
greater tuberosity. Actively, he has 150 degrees of forward elevation and abduction at the
side both limited by pain. Passively, he has 75 degrees of external rotation at the side.
Actively, he has internal rotation to the level of L5. Passively, in full abduction, he has
75 degrees of external rotation and 30 degrees of internal rotation. He does have positive
impingement signs. He does have pain with crossed-body adduction. He has 4/5 resisted
internal rotation strength. He has 4/5 resisted external rotation strength with the arm at the
side and in full abduction. He has 4/5 resisted forward elevation in the scapular plane. He has
negative lift-off and belly press maneuver. He has negative external rotation lag,
hornblower's, and drop arm sign. He has a positive O'Brien's, crank, and resisted throw test.
Distally, he is neurovascularly intact in the right upper extremity.
Assessment:
This is a 46-year-old right-hand dominant male status post pedestrian versus motor vehicle
collision with right shoulder SLAP tear and subacromial-subdeltoid bursitis.
Page 2
Harvery, Robert
11/04/2024
Plan:
Nonoperative and operative treatments were discussed with the patient. We feel he has failed
conservative treatment consisting of rest, ice, activity modifications, pain medications, anti-
inflammatory medications, chiropractic treatment and a home exercise program. He continues
to have right shoulder pain, weakness and difficulty with at and above shoulder-level
activities. Operative treatment has been recommended consisting of right shoulder
arthroscopy, debridement, superior labral repair with capsulorrhaphy versus biceps tenodesis
and a possible distal clavicle resection. The risks and benefits of surgery which include but
are not limited to infection, bleeding, damage to nerves or blood vessels, DVT, PE, stiffness,
the need for revision surgery and death were all discussed with the patient. The patient
understands these risks and wishes to proceed with surgery. Informed consent and medical
clearance will be obtained. He will require approximately six weeks of postoperative rehab to
regain right shoulder range of motion, strength and use of the right upper extremity. We will
see him on the day of his right shoulder surgery.
A. Dushi Parameswaran, M.D.