Source file: 20191118-135136_null_+16628327841_Incoming_Auto_1152875760036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-or-lowvalue

This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Lydia. Hey. Hey. Hey. I was telling you that she threw herself out of his chair. And, like, most of all of this went on, like, up until lunch. And then after lunch, you fine. And was? Lydia? Sir? What what did I... What did Daddy tell you about all that? No calling, No biting, No scratching, No throwing fit. It's. I mean it. You don't see me doing that. You don't see anybody else doing that. You know You you know you look like when you do that, you look like a big fool. There's no sense in biting scratching and calling yourself. Well, I'm where am Gonna be doing then? Quit hey. Quit quit making yourself with Polish? No good then. Yes, Lydia. No. We're waiting for pap to get done. Don't start. Well hey, you don't... When you... Hey, when you do that kind of stuff, you don't get what you want. You get same. And guess what? It's over here close to chris... It's over here close to Christmas time, and Santa Claus is checking in with your teacher. Every day. And if you keep that kind of mess up, you're not gonna get anything for Christmas. I'm just gonna refrain from commenting my my. You're sick now. No. You're not. You don't got me over either your chest hold. Yeah. And and being sick is not even... Anyways. Now We'll go home whenever it's right when it's time to go home. Sap all not done getting his haircut. You're gonna sit there, and you're gonna listen to your father and I have a talk with you. Yes, ma'am. Not you... I had to talk with you this morning young lady on our way to school. And whenever I actually took you into class. You promised me you weren't gonna act like like you've been doing. Because gotten to the point where spanking don't work popping your hands don't work. Come out doesn't work. Taking away toys and everything else doesn't work. What are we gonna have to do, Lydia? What are we gonna have to do to get you to behave? If you can do... If you can be nice to your teachers the second part of the day, why can't you do it the first part of the day? How want you be nice to all of them? You'd be nice to your friends too. You don't have any problem being nice to your friends it's just the teacher for some reason. Like, all of a sudden this year, it's, like, this is the hard year. We had literally no problem out of her last year or the year before. Can you hear me that? Hello?