Source file: 20190310 121717-2A0A034F.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-or-lowvalue

Plan three to change feature, four. If you're having trouble using your phone 5 for other options, six. Technical support. If you're having problems making or receiving calls, press 1. For instructions on your email setup, two. Help with texting three, billing issues, or For help and voice mail, press 5. For other issues with your smartphone, press 6. If you're having problems make it to make a payment and a date card information, press 1. To hear your remaining balance minutes or messages, two. To change your price plan three. To change feature four. If you're having trouble using your phone, five. For other Technical support. If you're having problems... M. Let's try that again. If you're having problems making or receiving call, damn is still at 24%. We are sorry. You are having trouble. Thank you. Goodbye. This is. We're sorry you're having trouble. Thank you, Goodbye. Really? Early Verizon? Are you kidding me? So somebody's I would right back to somebody's clearly lying here. Because spire told me twice now that they've they've told me that once that I owed a bill and that they wouldn't be released because it was locked. Or I would say, cease spire saying that it's unlocked and Verizon saying that cease spire holding it locked. What did you say? So I just wanna make sure that you're saying is nothing on cis spire in. So he put something writing. I'm gonna take his word. Over verizon verizon require the department. That's kinda amazing. That's what I'm explain to. I think they have the block on it. They just don't wanna tell us because they can be fired. That's viable. But who are they just go luck on anything with myself. A new device. That's not in a phone with them. It's prepaid. But it it doesn't... If you don't pay the bill then turn it off. A newly purchased by saying device. He's spot has nothing to do there. Account. But I owe them too. Yeah. Because stuff it do he's more recent order, account questions or technical support. Support. Just 3. Starting with the area code, please enter the Verizon wireless number you're calling app. If you're not customer, press pound. It's going to be 627823088. One moment, please. One moment.