Source file: 20191217-174230_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1168355777036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-or-lowvalue

Hello? Hi. Hi. Can you do me a favor and call my sister or, like, put put lady on the phone with my sister? I... She's all upset because I did not see her message about asking if Lydia was still with me. And I, honestly, she had my phone listen to Youtube video. Or you listen the Youtube music and friends. And then I called Facebook called my mom my laptop and gave her the laptop, and I didn't even see the message or that she asked until it's too late. Yeah. But she's only talked to my sister once. On the whole time that I had it. Okay. Alright. Yeah. She actually asked last night about it, but it was too late, and just never did get around call another today. Alright. We literally just walked in. I haven't even gotten the garbage out of the back of my truck yet. Yeah. So... I Yeah Yeah before. Seriously. Yeah. I mean, I'll I'll let a text your sister and, you know, I ask her if it's okay to call. So our lydia can talk. Yeah. This is from. Sounds good. Well, she was really belt out that Hallelujah song I'm the way home. Oh, I know. Well, I don't know if she had heard it before I played it, like, one of the last times to choose the house. And I'm on the phone dad. But, like, she was sitting in my office, and I played it, and, you, I got my microphone on on my desk, and she had on one set of headphones, and I had on the other set of headphones and then whenever you speaking to the mic, you know, you hear it real time in the headphones it's studio, mic. Yeah. And and Put on some songs and one of them is the Time, Hallelujah and actually, saying the song. And she was just... She was captured into it. Just... You know, Mh. I was like, I could put it they put her in day just I think it was right after the girl on fire. And as she loves up like that one, I can only imagine to a I can only imagine on the way there today. I no. Oh on my hand. But I'll let Chelsea know that you'll reach out to. Alright. Yeah. I'll I'll send Chelsea your message and get that real quick. Alright. Okay. How, you doing. Alright. Alright. You doing. Alright. Thanks. Mh. Bye.