Source file: 20200707 025651-31E120F3.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-or-lowvalue

It's double on expenses we admin been on all month, and got we actually been pay system I've already check for that big, but I have a got notice actually the $3.50 something was due by tomorrow in the morning I was getting disconnected. It was past doing like the fourteenth to fifteenth or something this one, which I'm was surprised to get disconnected so soon. You wanna make sure that that it's not get turned off in. So it... So they sent over approval. I bet you... Say you're still gonna get connection notices because it takes in a little while to pay. That's information about the remainder the turn off see if I can get if it is. If that does to be paid by tomorrow more if I can get an extension on that. Arrangement. We've been literally upside down. Restaurant today. Wonder where they got that amount from what that $2.12, could I don't see a bill. They're not paying a whole bill, I guess or something that'll? I think what's was the last check that I. You paid $2.13? Yeah. Yeah. And it was control 65 rounded up t 13 on that check. Else what was the disconnect amount and then had to pay. Okay. Let me see. That's probably on your December bill, I guess. Is what... Yeah. Okay. Five something So... Yeah. So you owe your January, but you're okay. I see now. I... That's for December so that makes sense. So you haven't used an extension. You do get one a year. You're not cut off yet or. You know, Think you can. Yeah I think you can. What single one a year. Yeah. Would be would be eligible for no until next year in January. Hey Matthew. And so I just came in last night do check on some things and 65. Gonna check for two thirteen this month to keep everything disconnect. So I was hoping. You know. No. The remainder okay. What I have to pay? What's the difference I hate using these things right here. I may have to get you to put this in the... Yeah. Okay. They say always. Oh, 34982 and let's paid to $12.65. $1.30 sim 17. Mh. We must be able direct deposit Well, without using your engine I could guarantee that you would be find through tomorrow all day. You know, if you wanna say about let you rebate 90, you're welcome to do that. Okay. If I wouldn't be able get another extension? Once we did twelve months. Really? No. We're on. What is that On only far as I could get with it with be until and then your other Well, where are not live you two minutes back Okay.