Source file: 20200623 154325-374F8489.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: HIGH-VALUE-emergency-injunction-Crowder-mayor-connection-claim

To what judges you there right now? What judges are up there or change court right now? Is it oak? Okay. Who is or... What's what's number? Wonderful 236. 0233 k. And 236. Zero two Okay. Alright. What about orders should she not? You did. Okay. Got you. Alright. I appreciate it. Good afternoon. Judges today? Okay. This is Matt Beard. This is not about the child. I mean, that's that's the of course a huge issue that I'm gonna have to address but don't need to do that say. I need an emergency injunction and, I need to meet with the judge you like now. There's an immediate risk of life and property, and I need an injunction issue now. Sure. I'm on... Yeah. I'm on the way up there. I'm on Highway 7 right now. So I would prefer to actually meet with him. Is there just sure Yes. Moment recommend the the receiving. It might not be in court to so need need file qualification and see with judge you call. Okay. The problem is I need to do it. I'd I can't afford to filing fee right now. I'm, like, literally, this woman has targeting me my employment. My wife's employment, And she has just published an information about, you know, where we're staying. There's got to be. You know, there's gotta be some integrity left in the court to address that without having... I mean, like, like, me being put in the position that I am. She she did this because she's friends with the mayor. And and this is all because of the stuff in 2017 and because I'm exposing the corruption scan, the corruption ring. And and, literally, this woman has come after. She she it's been invoking the mayor's name. Saying this it's because she's friends with them. This... I mean, it's it's all been a quid quo just literally assassination of me. Well, I'm sorry to hear that, but I'll be. Really? So so publishing publishing where of my family. Is. Brian. And and that's that's something the county is really just gonna gap off. Well, I mean, no, you know, procedures of process, I could I have this staff attorney calling that. In just a few minutes if he's like maybe she could give you small options. Yeah. I would like that because I think it's just ridiculous that... I mean, here, this is this is great. You know, I got arrested and charged with a fake crime for nothing near as serious as this right here. But anytime it's the liberal left, the wacky left. Nobody ever wants to do anything about that. It's just turn, you know, turned the blind up. Your number? 662. 812-1613. Okay. She's got down, and she'll me back in just minute. Thanks. Bye.