Source file: 20200707 025645-2BC7C0E7.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-or-lowvalue

Hello, Journalism? Here. Yes, ma'am. Do y'all have any aspiring independent journalists that might be for tree and I'm about just under an hour. For what? For a fireworks, show. That's that's for what. This is Matt Rear the Oxford out. And I'm the guy that was banished from Oxford Faye County. Back in 2017. It was a political sham, frame charge, and I've been on a discovery process of the last three months to uncover every element of the truth, which I knew, all along was was part of a government corruption scandal, and that's in fact what it is. And actually just had a bombshell discovery today, I called a press conference on the courthouse lawn. The county Courthouse lawn at 04:00 today. Know you you could contact contact daily vivian. You know, I'm not really a big fan of them to be honest with you. I mean, I I like independent journalist. The daily Mississippi has never really been independent. It kinda of been, I kinda like the Oxford Eagle just, you know? Primarily biased. But, yeah, I understand what you're saying. But they're the only working student you currently currently working. I mean, you can learn the other people that are around to Gotcha. Have these students dispute. And we don't have... Faculty on campus yet. So... K. Good that would be the honestly, that would be who I would call because they are trying to cover long. The affirmative stuff going on right now now locally and also, you know, would be working what. Well, if you wanna see something... If you wanna see something apps absolute... That'll absolutely just completely blow your mind. I'm documenting everything on writingwiththeoutlaw.com. I'm I'm making a documentary of of everything. But it's writingwiththeoutlaw.com, I'm publishing all the documents publicly. And if you go to the Oxford outlaw Facebook page, there was a recording done just today where the county attorney basically just... I mean, he just sealed the deal. Okay. So... Alright. Well, are you think writing, like, our I n g. That's correct. Riding with the outlaw? Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'll pass along. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.