Source file: 20200707 025654-16B488A5.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-or-lowvalue

Hello? Hey, Friend. How are you? Lock my money So I'm placed an order on Q... Or on a Hs, and that was a debacle itself. I'd had come back up here Saturday and get another card made. Because the, expiration, the Cv card our code on it wasn't matching up or something like that. It's crazy. Came if you got another card, and, Hs pre authorized it for, like, it's a total amount, or they pre authorized it for two separate charges of $1.37. They freaking release that back to me. They they didn't approve me for the Flex pay for whatever reason. I don't know if it was because it's a new bank account or or what their reasoning was. So they sent me a notice in thirty days. They released the funds yesterday at 01:33. Y'all all said that y'all still haven't received it or whatever, even though they gave me an authorization code for each of the two transactions that they sent back to you y'all yesterday. And now for many for, you know, since I opened my account, my money's has been locked up. I've got to... I've gotta pay an electric bill is Yeah. The card. Yeah. It was, yeah. The weirdest thing about it. It was I called the 800 number, and they told me that I was, like, the probably the tenth person that, like, the ones that are printed here at the bank. They've been having an it, like, a mismatch here. She just told me to go back up to the bank, and this is it, like, is probably twenty minutes before y'all closed. Okay. Like, alright. Yeah. Yeah. So... Okay. Now the new card worked, but I... I put in the same, you know, same... I think it was, like, three three three or something like that. It was a Cv. And she said that it was too many failed attempts. On the card and the they put a lock on the card. But... Yeah. Yes. There's... Yeah. Well, I mean, haven't put any transactions on it because my money's. Oh, except for $15 that I opened the account with. And see, here's the craziest for the lady I spoke with at the bank yesterday. When I called the number. She said, you know, our normal fun posting is at midnight, is, like whenever everything just cycles over. She said, if you can have Hs and send us a fax or call us. We can release the funds to you immediately. And so I called Hs in bank. They confirmed again, we sent the transaction... Or we sent the money back to your bank at 01:33. And, gave me the the two transaction codes. And I said, well, can you have somebody call. Because right now, this is a a matter of convenience. Okay? It's not anything that's gonna hurt y'all, and it's only gonna benefit me. It's gonna help in the long run to retain a customer. They've got people to take an order every second, but they wouldn't take three minutes of their time to call over here to the bank. They sent a request to their credit department to send a fax, and they said it can take up to seventy two hours. To send a fax. They can take an order every minute. You know, every every second. And I was like, you know what? I'm never doing business with your company every again. Just because y'all are inconvenience me that much. To not even just pick up the phone and make a quick phone call my bank to say, yeah. We send it. You know? I just need access to my money a little bit. Somehow somebody has got access to where they can, you know, trace it using this code that they gave. I don't know why he just gave me the tracking code to show that it Now honestly say things have been tight here lately. They've been real real tight. So that When it was placed when the order was placed. I guess so it was... It was either no. I think it was day my account. Is day, like, that night. No know, that night it was declining. I had to come back in on Saturday. And get the new court. And so I'll try it again on Saturday. Whatever whatever day, Saturday is. That's what I was... I mean, Yeah. I do. And that's what I was trying to ask the lady yesterday was Cloud Verizon got their service fixed.