Source file: 20200707 025641-73ABD6E1.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-or-lowvalue

Nina on a phone call now? K. Can I give you our number you wanna need him a callback? A little bit? Or... Yeah. What's what's the number? 969. 5431. 5431. Okay. Extension two. Extension two. And what's his name? Rex Smith? Rex Smith. Okay. I've been a resident Saw since October and sadly, I don't know the mayor's name. But, But, yeah, it's... This is an atrocity with with North water. They're they're having a heyday day. They're they're making light of it. They're bragging about turning off people's water. They're saying they brought in four or five crews to go and shut off water, and I got three kids at the house, our our house. We had we had new owners coming in and buy the house. And they wanna dose the house and put up offices. Our air conditioner went out about two months ago. And three kids one them being a baby. The water is the only thing to kinda keep us cool. You know, whenever it gets really hot, we had to... At fans throughout the house, and North Water. North Water, and Even told them that, and we're willing to pay, but they're not willing to waive the $50 reconnect connection fee. They're wanting to profit off of the pandemic, sticking to their gut are saying the board ultimate approved the fee, they're just enforcing it. And it's ridiculous to, you know, in light of the first day, You know, when they got approval to do disconnects for them to go out and bring all these pins people in to go and do cutoff offs to laugh about it. And, you know, to say, know you owe every single dime including the reconnect connection fee or your water not coming back on. I mean, I've had non stop problems with these people, and, you know, they need to be held accountable. Right. So are you inside the cd limit? I am, I'm right next... I'm right in between the Bolton doctor, the Bolton medical clinic and the Chevron on 145. That house right there. Yes. It's So let us send on the phone call right now. Okay. You can give him a callback. Okay? Sounds good. Alright. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. Telephone