Source file: Copy of 20200125-155800_101_(662)236-0212_Outgoing_Auto_1190453457036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: HIGH-VALUE-Crowder-3rd-strike-unserved-warrant-admission-recording

Hello? Hi. This is Joe. Hey, Joe. And Joe who? Coral. Oh, hey. Hey, Joe. I got a call yesterday from how, I guess it was. Yes, sir. Up there. And this is this is Matt Rear. Hey, Matt. Who are you trying to get in towed you? You know what officer was? Well, I was just trying to find out more about the Phyllis crowd mess. Phyllis crowd, Miss. Yeah. I told don't see. So she... For the third time, for three years in a row now around the same time. She is levi a false... A horrible false accusation against me. Last year, it was a fake rate charge up an olive branch. They dismissed it, and they actually act... Put out a warrant for her arrest for for making a a false allegation. Mh And then yesterday, it was she supported my wife and I. We have a baby that's in the bar. Yes, sir. And it was just some of the most ridiculous things. And and, honestly, I've gotten a slew of you know, every single text message and every every call is recorded. And I was turning that over to Cps, what was to, probably the, Mississippi Bureau of investigations. But or who... Whatever on second. I'm I'm reading the report now from over the night. Okay. Okay. I just finished. Yeah. I mean, this is this is the time that that my family's is going through my... The worst the worst as far as stress. We've been at on since the beginning of this month. Haven't even been home. Got my daughter for the weekend, and you know, we had a we had a great time, and, you know, she just two years ago, she actually had the audacity to say that I'd inappropriately touched my daughter. That was immediately seen through and tossed out by child protection services. They they saw right through that. I would, you know, anybody that knows she knows that I have. That is the the furthest from the type of person that I am. So she's got warrant for her rest right now. Three times three strikes you're out. I'm sick tired of this garbage happening. Who is a world you guys can do. Liz, phyllis a k. Who like, who has the walk for her white, La County, Circuit court branch? Yeah the olive branch? Yes. Okay. And that's for for filing a false false rape charge. They she she wasted their resources and a frivolous investigation. She waited till five days after she came to my house to come back. To olive branch, actually have a recording of her admitting that she did this and that her husband was a c in the plan. Yes, sir. And that everything got foil. But they they cut a warrant for her rest and nobody's... I mean, she's never been picked up on it. But, yeah, she's... You know, and I'm not the the type of person just go and and try to, you know, freaking him somebody up like that. But, you know, enough is enough, You know, when when I'm minding my own business just got a kid in the hospital, and for three years in a row. Straight. She's thrown a false accusation at me trying to ruin me trying to to get my kid out of my life. You know, I've gotta put my foot down. Sir. Well I tell you what Matt, what I'm do is I'm a call off branch and see if they actually have them work for. And if they do, we'll... And are willing to extra expedite, we'll go pick her up on it. Okay? That's the best thing to for you on that. Okay. Can you let... Can you let me know because I'm worried about my five year old I wanna figure out plans to get her if that were to happen? I just... You know, her dad is mentally unstable. And then her husband, she... They're going through a divorce, and, you know, honestly, my my daughter is complained about him, spanking her with a belt, and and You know, I... I've never reported that because I think that, you know, five year old, is very easy to to joke about things, and, you know, she's she said things and been turned around and laughed about me about her mom, you know, just... It's it's it's hard to... It's hard to know how credible a five year old is. Yes, sir. You know, is it But, yeah, If you could... If you could let me know, Yes Alright. I'll call you back. I'm a call over there and find out, and I'll give you a callback, Matt. Okay? Is your number the one that's in the system we have? Yes 662495662 Four the rest of it is not in the four... It's 495-0088. Alright. Well, I'll give you a call here soon zip on out. And and just so you know, detective holiday was the one that was that was over everything. You know, I I believe she cut it under Liz Crowd, and then I called and I told her that she had just gotten married in her name and changed to kessler, Dustin Ke, her husband. I don't know if she changed the last name, but now she's back to Crowd her again. So okay. So check under Liz Crowd and Liz Crest Kessler. And actually, her her first name is Phyllis. It y l l I s, but she goes by Wiz. Okay. Well, I'm gonna check on that, Matt and I'll give you a callback after. Okay? Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. Bye bye. Alright. Bye bye.