Source file: LC 1st 20190713-163055_(662)832-7841_Incoming_Auto_1086306544036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: lc-custody-excluded

This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Hello? Hey. Hi. I just got out of Amanda's bridal shower what's up. Okay. He's your dad, like, contradicts himself, like, 10 times when I was talking to him It's crazy. Were talking about Well, he said that said he thought that that I was dustin, maybe call her somebody calling from one of Dustin friends or or Dustin calling from one of his friend's numbers, and then he was like. That. Dustin the home. I know. Then was like, yeah. I I think, Dustin asleep. I haven't gone in there. Got the door closed. I think Liz took off in the truck. And at the end of the conversation he was like, yeah. I think I didn't wanna wake liz she was asleep, and she's... Is... That he was, like, yeah. I think they've got their phones back on. And how is... What the hail? Don't listen to a mat. I I need to I need to get a little quick and see how many concepts service or... I know. I. That's enough. Not. I not. I'm not I'm not I'm not may in front of them at all. I'm really nice. I got I kinda got. I kinda got... I kinda got a little confused myself. But no. Hey. I was... Out trying to see what time, I just put Lydia down. We had to run some errands, and she's she's been acting like a blue crab. She hasn't been listening and she knows she's about to go home. She's saying, you know, go to moms and I told her I said, Yeah. Yeah. She didn't... She she did not take a a nap yesterday. And fought sleep last. Night. My, got, she had some allergy issues. I gave her some. I was like, look ago, you were go and sleep. Yeah. But told her she was not going back to moms unless she took a nap, and I was gonna check on her here shortly. Make sure she was actually sleeping. But What time? What time you want me up? I'm not really sure what tab we're supposed to do chloe that they did? Because I think still out of town. I don't know. I know Dustin was just gonna go pick Chloe. So I'm guessing shit I don't know. They're I I really don't know, man. Like, it's... I'll get with I mean, Maddie at a Apple appointment, take the phone by and get it looked by what's that by the Apple. People. Yeah. Memphis this at, like, six forty five. She... I think she moved that to later, but I know they're not open too much later. So depending on the time, I may just I get a third see. May just beat up with you earlier tomorrow. No. It's gonna have to be today. K. Well, I mean, I'm not... I can't just put off plans as far as, like, I mean, there's stuff that needs to be done. All not schedule around Chloe. I did not say that. The only reason why I mentioned, Chloe, was because I can't be in two places at one time. I understand that. Why are you scared to close mom. It's always, like everything revolves around her? I'm not scared of Chloe's mom. I will fucking cut that bitch bitches start open if I feel like it. And I hope that was recorded and sit to her. Know the fuck is. Don't accused me of being scared of somebody rear because, you know, good and damn well. I'm the last one to be scared of somebody. Last... Okay. But the last time I remember, Y'all was for for turn. She's taking you all back to court or you I gotta get with her to figure out the schedule. Now. I don't give shit what goes on with Melissa. I don't give it damn. As long as I don't have to fucking deal with it, I don't get a shit. And as long as the freaking visitation schedule stay on schedule, and we have both of them at the same time, that way, was good for the goods good for the fucking gander. I'm alright. I don't think nothing. But seriously, for the love God, matt, that's the last time you get to throw at Melissa at me. Because I literally have to bite my tongue whenever I'm around her. You know she tried to kill me? I had to keep Jesse from literally filing charges against her for me. Yeah. Try being poisoned with alpha gal stuff. Or whatever. Are you there?