Source file: LC 2nd 20190713-164133_101_(662)832-7841_Outgoing_Auto_1086308285036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch8 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: lc-custody-excluded

Hello? Hi. Hey? A lost service? Why are you calling me from an 877 number? It's calling from an 87 number. Yeah. Like, a 877 area code. Oh, shit. My bad. Like, I literally just went back to the recent call list and and hit dial and okay. I didn't realize it was set by default. I guess I'm on the actual Ring central app and not ring central phone. What do you do me? I have to run by a friend's house. Grab a nice sharpen for the blades in the lawn haul. We're the kids? The house Maddie? Oh, I thought he said Maddie wasn't there? No. I said, Maddie he's got an appointment that had an appointment, the Apple and Memphis like 06:45 she's moving to a little later. Don't know she moved later different now. I think she moves later But no. I was... What I was saying, you're talking about as long as as, you know, she's sticking to the to the, you know, agreement or the schedule. I mean, if you don't know what time you're getting closed, she really sticking to the schedule? Matthew. This is the one and only time that she hasn't it stuck to the schedule May I speak because they've been out of state at the beach. Okay. They're just coming in. So we don't... We don't know for circle what time they're going to be in today. My gotcha. I mean, y'all close from what y'all nothing doing What a wait week and a half or or what? Yeah. We have Chloe and Lydia for a week. We saying that saying what I'm saying is if it's later, is it really gonna make a difference one night when you can get it tomorrow morning? No. Because doesn't wanna get him both tonight. Right. Cool. Because he doesn't have to... He doesn't have to work tonight, but he has to work tomorrow night. I'm not talking about meeting late tomorrow. I was talking about tomorrow morning before next... We we have church and stuff in the morning. Okay. Well that, I have a business meeting after charts. K. Well, I've had to put for the start up business. I've had to put my, you know, everything on, you know, just about everything's coming to about a stall having Lid. I love Having her, but good God. Matt. Matt. That is your visitation schedule. I cannot know know it on inside. And I cannot help the whole stuff that happened in April 1, and then I have a start up company. I can't help that. My kids are my number one priority, But making sure that they're providing for it comes first. I'm in no way shape or form getting even is pay you $600 a month in child support with what my residual is right now. I have no money coming in. So be thankful, you're getting 600 a month right now. And you know what? The having to post month the morning your child? What's 600 a month doing that? Do you wanna know what the 600 a month paying. It pays my truck note, my cell phone bill and half the insurance. Okay. And I noticed that that's needed to move her around, but I mean, Would you like to know how much my truck note is? Would you like to know how much my cell phone bill is? And would you like to know how much my insurance today? You know, Liz, I never did. I I was never school for you getting the vehicle. I was never responsible for you picking the cell phone plan the post paid cell phone plan by the way. And I wasn't responsible for whatever insurance company you have. So that's not my that's... That's not my business My business is my child. Okay. Okay. Wanna invest your business. Is ask your business and you can start paying this extra money a week to go for her health insurance. I can hand over that bill to you from her doctor's office for a 190 something dollars. Yes. You can pay that too. There a whole bunch of other settings that by well, you are supposed to paying for half of. I don't even ask you for money on that. I don't ever ask you for anything. None a dime. So don't even go there. Alright. Goodbye. Alright. Bye.