Source file: 1OsC_JPPsWzU44mgmklYUizQZ5o40wzUV_20200707 025640-9021C04D.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch5 -- HIGH VALUE: county attorney call re: May 24 2017 Bundren phone call, David O'Donnell
Transcribed: 2026-07-31 (Whisper)

Yes, ma'am. I'm looking to speak with the county attorney. I left him a voicemail yesterday. Let me see if he is in the office today, may I ask your name? It's Matt Reardon. It's actually a matter of really high importance. The Lafayette County Sheriff invoked the county's name in regards to why a public records request which would clear my name was not being produced and I've asked for this multiple times. I've done the formal procedure and it's not being complied with so my statute of limitations runs out at the end of this week. I'm going to have to file a lawsuit and name the county as defendants because of the situation that this has put me in if I don't get any answers. Mr. Reardon, can you hold on one moment? Let me see if he is in his office... Hey David, this is Matt Reardon. How are you? I'm doing great. How are you doing, Matt? I'm doing all right. I left you a voicemail yesterday. I should have reached out to you honestly well before yesterday whenever this started becoming a real big issue. I have requested through a FOIA, a public records request. I'm doing writing with the outlaw. I knew I was framed back in 2017 on a crime I couldn't have possibly committed and I'm in my discovery phase. I'm concluding that now and I've unearthed just unsurpassed evidence, you know, backing up my claim. And the one thing that I'm trying to get is it was admitted on a public records request from May 30th, 2017 that Jared Bundren, Investigator Jared Bundren, took a call at the Sheriff's Department on May 24th, 2017. The way the police report reads, it was not by Todd Lynch. There's definitely high inference there that, you know, it was not Todd Lynch that made that call. And I have reason to believe that it's somebody very important, quite possibly the mayor or her husband that is on that call that was made May 24th. The Sheriff's Department is refusing to comply. I've, like I said, I've requested this three times now for information regarding the call as well as the recorded phone call. And, you know, that was before the three-year window that I requested, so they should have definitely maintained copies of it. I'm not getting any kind of compliance. In fact, the sheriff, when confronted this last time, he even admitted on video, he said, ask the county why we're not complying. So, that really just threw the county into the middle of this. Okay, so are you wanting a phone recording? Yes, I want all the information on the May 24th, 2017 phone call received by Investigator Jared Bundren. And, you know, there's a few other things that I would like to get that I haven't put in the request for, because I'm not even getting compliance on that. I just yesterday got the results of one of my FOIAs, which are all the police reports made by my ex. Sorry about that. Got a toddler back there that's clearly needing a nap. Do you know whether or not a phone recording exists? Um, per Joey East, you know, phone calls, well, I know the police report says that a call came in, but Joey advised me that calls into the Sheriff's Department are recorded, and that they have to maintain those for a certain amount of time, at least three years. And it was like three days prior to three years hitting. I think it was May 21st of this year I requested the recorded phone calls, once I got the proof. Yeah, what I'll do, Matt, is I'll look at your public records act request, and then I'll talk to Joey and Lisa Carwile about what we have. Okay. So you'll get a response. You should get a response to the extent that we can produce the information. Right. You know, disclosing information according to the public records act is one thing. Now, a subpoena introduces a different issue. Potentially there's a greater... And that's my next route is a subpoena. So I'm just telling you that there may be other future avenues for you. I just have to take a look at to see what's subject to disclosure on the state act versus... Well, where I'm at right now is is my statute of limitations. The three year... Um, is it July 6 2020? Because it, you know, I signed everything July 6 2017. And I've got to stay the statute of limitations. I got to stop the clock, which means that I'm, you know, obviously, I'm gonna have to have to do a filing, both in state court for the post conviction relief, but, you know, also looking at having to take the federal here, because I've honored so much evidence of this being a political ploy, a quid pro quo, just just plot to silence me and get me gone. Well, I really can't address that with you, because I don't know what specifics you're referring to. But I'll take a look at the request. And I'll give you a call back today. Okay. And then if you want to, and if you want to see the evidence that I've unearthed, and I've published, it's on writing with the outlaw.com. I've got the vault there on the homepage... Yeah, I understand. So let me take a look at it now. I expect to give you a call back this afternoon. All right. Do you have my number? I should be on the request form. I've got a different number now. I think it's 662-812-1613. Okay. All right. Okay. I'll see what I can find out. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. You're welcome.