Source file: 1CVbNnWIKoLCA20dBR7GDgFrevM1PbCdK_20200917 152636-5F915ECE.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch5
Transcribed: 2026-07-31 (Whisper)

Good afternoon, WTBA, WLOB, may I help you? Uh, yes ma'am. I, uh, I'm sorry I accidentally hung up. I was, uh, this is, this is Matt Reardon, the outlaw. You doing all right today? I was doing fine, how are you? I'm all right. I'm, uh, just wanted to, I sent over something. I've been, um, talking about, about a certain real big issue. Um, I'm the, I'm the guy that was, that was banished, that was exiled from Oxford and Lafayette County for five years back in 2017. It was a witch hunt, political corruption scandal. Um, I've, I've come back here on a discovery phase and, and uncovered unscrupulous amounts of corruption. Um, with the FBI, the U.S. Attorney's Office, and the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department, they're not producing rec, um, public records as requested. They are suppressing evidence, concealing it, and I've got every single last bit of evidence. I've got most of it published on my website, writingwiththeoutlaw.com. Meanwhile, the news media has been silent, crickets, and I think it's very disgusting. Um, I, I went ahead and announced a, basically a meet the press conference, um, from four to five o'clock today and four to five o'clock tomorrow in order to basically, you know, let the, the people that are reporting fairly and honestly, give them the opportunity to jump on there and do that. Um. Well, sir, hold on just a second. Hold on, sir. Hold on. So, what's your name? Hi, who am I speaking with? This is Mattie. This is Mattie. Hey, Mattie. Uh, my wife's name is, my wife's name is Mattie, so. Oh, okay. All right. Hey, it's Matt Riordan. I'm, uh, the Oxford outlaw. Have you, uh, do you, does riding with the outlaw, does, does, you know, probably the biggest corruption scandal to rock Mississippi, like, are y'all even aware of what's going on over here? I, I feel like I'm just almost, you know, speaking to an empty crowd because I'm, I've reached out, I've sent all the news agencies evidence of, you know, me being framed back in 2017. The FBI plays a part in it. The U.S. attorney's office plays a part in it. And certainly the sheriff's department does. They are concealing evidence, fraudulently concealing evidence at this point, um, that even goes further to proving that I was framed. It really comes down to naming the people that did it. And I'm wondering why the news media is being so silent on the matter. To be perfectly honest, I don't even know if I've seen that email or not. I've seen everything from the start. Okay. Well, go to ridingwiththeoutlaw.com. It is a treasure trove of evidence, especially I, I, I inked a letter to the U.S. attorney, William Lamar over here, um, addressing very major issues. I gave him a time period to respond, uh, whether or not he responded, I was going to forward that to Washington DC, to the attorney general's office, the department of justice, because it needed to go on file. Of course he didn't respond. And I even waited an additional two weeks and still no response. I mean, it's, it's, there's stuff on there that would literally blow your mind. I don't think that there's been a larger corruption scandal with it involving the agencies that it's involving. This is just jaw dropping and it's been absolute crickets out of the news media. I'm one man fighting, this is a David versus Goliath battle. I don't even have an attorney. I've been filing my own motions at circuit court. I got a corrupt judge that's refusing to accuse himself that has literally been informed of all the fraud committed by Lafayette County and all the fraud going on, knew about it up front before I even filed for post conviction relief. I was coerced under stress to plea out to something I didn't do back in 2017 under fear. And, uh, I'm trying to vindicate myself and I decided I was going to publish my journey in writing with the outlaw. It's a live documentary and you can go to, there's, there's a Facebook page I started for it called writing with the outlaw. That's not really that big, about 500 followers right now. But the Oxford outlaw Facebook page is my main hub. I've got like 15,000 followers on it and it's steadily growing, but it's, uh, I mean it's, it's, I've never, I've never, I never imagined that. I certainly didn't imagine that I would witness it much less be a part of it. You know, it happening to me. And these people are literally, there's, they're getting away with it because, I mean, everybody's just turning a blind eye, almost like society has turned robotic. And I'm literally fighting three different agencies and fighting every uphill battle on my own. Sure. Yeah. And look, if y'all, if y'all honestly didn't know about it, look, I mean, I, I, I got, I got upset yesterday, you know, basically, you know, saying what I thought, you know, a big problem being the, being the media, you know, kind of biasly, you know, picking and choosing what to cover. Um, you know, I, I, I've been messaging, I know I direct messaged WTVA, um, like, you know, as, as I released different things and it went checked, you know, it was checked. I don't know who, who over there checked it and just, you know, put it to the back burner. But I can't think of any, I can't think of anything more newsworthy, to be honest with you. I mean, you got, this is perfect for y'all. Three agencies that are, that are, and then two of them, including the FBI, are refusing to comply with a FOIA. Like I said, I'll, um, I can let you speak to my site manager, or I can, um, I can send it up, or I can send up your, uh, your new site, your website to our, um, to my, to my director, my site manager. And I noticed that on your Facebook page, you've got a contact information, like a contact number. If you wanted to follow up on this story, can we call you at that number or if you wanted us to call you back at this number? Yes, ma'am. You can call me on that number and, um, and yeah, it's, it's, you can pass me along to them. I've got a, basically I was doing a Google meet, um, from four to five today, I've posted the link and from four to five tomorrow for whatever day. So I gave options there, you know, whatever is, you know, easier for somebody in each organization in the region to jump on, to ask some questions, you know, to fairly report and journalize. Um, you know, I, I just started up my own company, my own production company called Outlawed Productions, uh, and that's what I'm, I'm producing this under. Okay. I'll, um, I'll send up your website and Facebook page to my, uh, climate manager and my news director and we'll see if we can't go from there. Okay? All right. Thanks, Maddie. You're very welcome. You have a good one. You too.