Source file: 1QyRIP42SgfRq7bMyhsFgRzCg8FqCYpaO_20200701 204633-B7F7C34F.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch5 (find #2 - references the two CPS recordings + two police reports re: Crowder's false CPS claims)
Transcribed: 2026-07-31 (Whisper)

[Car argument recording, Reardon on phone with Christi McCoy (Crowder's attorney, advocate-only role):] ...I'm fucking going back and forth with Christy about Lydia!... So I told Christy, I said, I hope Liz is fully advised and knows the disastrous legal outcome this all is going to spell out for her by her willful and, I meant to say, contumacious contempt of the judge's visitation schedule, especially in light of her getting a majority of my residual income every month and all the false reports I've unearthed. I'm a great father and it's adding weight on more and more each day of me not seeing my child or talking to her. She said, as I told you, I'm not involved in anything related to the issues with the old child. Why don't you just stop talking about it? Listen, listen. But surely you know that visitation is not tied to child support. Look, I've been right with the other stuff I've done. So I got this. The two are completely separate issues. One does not depend on the other. And I said, yes. And surely you know that a willful refusal to let me see or talk to my child for five months' time, meanwhile I've complied on everything and not been behind on child support, been the victim of many false reports filed by her proven false, and I have two police reports from different dates where she advises sheriff's deputies that CPS told her I couldn't see Lydia as I was under investigation, plus two recordings speaking to CPS where they flat out say she is lying and that the reports by her have been closed out as lies. Spells disaster in a custody case, especially given that I can factually prove now that I was framed, not to mention the timing of her false reports coincides with the dates, which can directly tie her into this with motive. And she said, of course. No parent is allowed to unilaterally change visitation without justification...

[Remainder: family logistics discussion re: pipe/smoking, custody exchange plans. The two specific CPS recordings referenced here are NOT yet located/identified in the archive -- priority lead if pursued further.]
