Source file: 18hwKXJa31bLu_rU-zaYfvigzpo7BWKnD_20201019 154103-FC15AFC6.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch5 (find #3 - first hard sentence detail: 30 days + $129.25 fine, stayed pending appeal)
Transcribed: 2026-07-31 (Whisper)

Hey Dickie, can I speak with somebody to, um, about a, about a case that had wrapped up over there? Okay, go ahead. I was calling to see if an appeal had been filed. I know that, um, they had, uh, made mention that they were going to, um, appeal the, um, the no low contendo, the no contest, um, on the Phyllis Crowder, the, the, um, false accusation or the making a false report case, I'm actually the victim, uh, and I know the judge had stayed her, um, or suspended the, um, jail sentence until like the 27th to give them time to file an appeal. There's a chance rematter. That's the reason I'm asking to see if they, um, had actually put in a, uh, appeal or not because I'm, I'm in a custody case right now. Well, what's the last name of it? It's, uh, Crowder, C-R-O-W-D-E-R. And the first name? Phyllis. Well, I just read that they just have, that they, uh, as till the 27th, which, which will be, uh, a week from tomorrow. Okay. But as of right now? As of right now. The appeal has been made yet, but they have till the 27th. Okay. And then she has to turn herself in on the 27th if not, correct? One or the other, yes. What's that? I said one or the other. Either file the appeal or turn herself in. Okay. All right. Good deal. And he suspended the other 11 or, or what was the other 11 months? I gotta go back. And is there a way I can get a copy of that? Uh, you can come, come up here. Okay. I didn't know if there was any way I could get, I live in Oxford an hour away, that's why I was... Well, it doesn't, it doesn't matter. We, we, we can't send this, these things. Okay. You can come review them, but you can't, you can't make copies and send them anywhere. Okay. Okay. All right. Yeah, if you could give me the details on that. Well, it's not much to say here. This is a council, an argument with the council from the city and the defense council. The city argued the maximum jail time and maximum fine. The defendant argued the minimum and the time of the latest ongoing custody dispute. 20 parties now on file in the Ferrett County Chancellor Court. And the court, after hearing the argument, sent it to the defendant to 30 days in jail and fine $129.25. The court ordered a report back date to allow appeal, if desired, by counsel and a final sentencing. So nothing can be done until that final court date. I got you. Okay. Unless they go on and file a, and they may have filed. I don't know that yet. Okay. All right. Well, sounds good. I'll come up there sometime over the next week and go ahead and get a copy of that. Well, you said y'all can't do copies or you can't send copies. I can get a... You can read it. You can view it. Oh, I can view it. I can't actually take a physical copy? I'm not sure. You'll have to check with a court clerk when that time comes. Okay. Yeah, I figured it's part of public records. It'd be part of the Public Records Act. Well, there'll be a lot of people who are misinformed about public records. Public records mean that you can view it. Doesn't mean we have to copy anything or send anything to someone, but you can view what is there. Okay. And if you want to make notes, you can run the pad and make notes. But some people think public records mean that they have everything there is. And if there's any, you know, sometimes we have to eradicate some information that's in there. Right. I understand that there's, you know, some limitations. But I'm actually in a big dispute with Lafayette County involving their fraudulent concealing of information that's relevant to an ongoing legal matter. So, yeah, I'm pretty informed on the Public Records Act. And like I said, I mean, this is, the defendant and her attorney have taken full advantage of the system. It's unbelievable. Well, that's what people do. Yep. Yep. All right, sir. Well, I appreciate it. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you.