Source file: 10xQf2OLLfaNLKIod5PR1epcIv496KmI9_20210104 111340-42607B22.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch5
Transcribed: 2026-07-31 (Whisper)

Right, but they said 1 o'clock was whenever they send the payments to y'all, that's their cut off time and I just paid via cash app and they took it and they said that they'd be remitting it to y'all today. So if y'all have possession of my domain, like I said it's a very time sensitive ordeal and IONOS has had a history in the past of due to not following through on their promised time, that's the whole reason really I'm in this situation right now and I paid under the promise to have it restored. This is a, it's kind of honestly it's like a life or death thing to me because it's my life work. I was framed for a crime back 3 years ago and I'm in 5 court cases and 1 federal lawsuit right now. I need my website working. Okay, so if you can stop that collection today, right? Yeah, I got the confirmation number. But that's not, that's not what I was, that's not what I was told though. Like the lady I spoke with on Saturday who emailed me the account list and the amounts for each one told me that I could call the collection agency and pay it and give y'all the number. Y'all could push it through so that I could have my online property back unlocked because it's something that, you know, that was, that was the pretenses that I quickly went ahead and paid. In fact, I tried to pay it Saturday, but they told me I'd missed the 1 o'clock deadline. Yes, sir. I did check your account, but it's still not reflected here in our system, but we can try to escalate that to our higher admin team, but it's not a guarantee that we can unlock it today. We still need to communicate from collection. If y'all can't do that, if y'all can't talk to, if y'all can't even talk to the collections to give them this number, I mean, that was, that was specifically what, what y'all's lady had told me. And that's, that's what I did. And I have the number. Y'all, I just, I've never seen, I've never seen a domain basically get held hostage. I moved my domains from Namecheap over to y'all and I swear to God, it's got me just wishing every day that I never did move them. And that honestly would probably be the tipping point for me is if they were held any longer when they've been in y'all's possession the whole time, just locked, but I just paid. And if it, if it's going to remain locked up any longer, then I'm just, as soon as I get access back to them, I'm just going to transfer them out, back out to, to Namecheap so I don't have to deal with the problem again. I mean, surely there's somebody that can, that can fix that mess. Okay. What is the confirmation number, sir? It's two seven zero one zero seven six six eight five. Because I can try to escalate that to overhead or admin to CEO. Yeah, I'm going to be pissed if I can't get my stuff back today. Yeah, but it's not highly guaranteed that we can reactivate. I still need to monitor this account once the payment reflected from collection agency. Why? There's still no payment. There's still no payment reflected yet. As you mentioned that you just recently contacted collections, right? Okay. I just paid it. That's how I have that number I just gave you. They just took it out of my account and I don't have, I don't have much money right now as it is. So basically that was something that I took another gamble with y'all to go ahead and get unlocked because I needed it. And I'm serious. I'm serious. I'm being honest with you. I just paid it. So I'm going to get my stuff back anyways. Okay. Because I just paid it. Obviously I have to be tendered my stuff if I pay. And I know it. Look, I know what you're saying. But I'm saying that if I don't get my stuff back today, which is what the lady that I talked to on Saturday promised me, if I don't get my stuff back today that I just paid for, then literally two days from now, whenever I get my stuff, okay, I'm immediately going to transfer away from IONOS and never deal with y'all again because I've never had my online real estate held from me, locked from me. And I've got a lot of domains. Y'all are the first company to do that. To actually hold my, my domain name that I have a certificate for. Hostage. Certificate of ownership. I understand the services blocking me from using your service, but to hold my damn domain name hostage. We do understand, but we still need to wait for the payment to be reflected first. Perfect. Perfect. I don't give a shit. Please do. Because I got a recording also. I got a recording also. I record all my calls just for this very reason. I've learned. That's. Guess what? Guess what? That's fine. That's fine. I'll wait two or three days and I swear to you, I'm going to move every single thing I have away from IONOS. That's y'all's loss. Okay? It's not mine. I just paid for it. So I'm getting my stuff back anyways. I have a recording with your last rep promising me what I just told you that I'll then release to the public. I'll give IONOS one star ratings on every single search engine for giving fraudulent misrepresentations and I'll back it up by the recording that I have. So like I said, I don't care. We can go whatever way you want to go. Right now, I'm fighting the state of Mississippi and the federal government and I'm doing it all on my own without an attorney. So this right here, this is a cakewalk. Okay? I'm perfectly fine going that route with you. Perfect. I understand, sir. Here, no worries. We can track the call recording and escalate your case so we're higher admin. I suggest you escalate it pretty damn, I suggest you escalate it pretty damn quick. Have a nice day.
</content>
