URGENT
REASSERTED NOTICE OF RECENT VIOLATIONS
AND FINAL DEMAND FOR COMPLIANCE
“When Freedom Is Outlawed, Only Outlaws Will Be Free”
Matt Reardon David O’Donnell, Esq
Producer/Investigative Reporter Lafayette County Board Attorney
Riding With The Outlaw Clayton O’Donnell PLLC
Oxford, MS 38655 1403 Van Buren Ave., Suite 103
Oxford, MS 38655
Mr. O’Donnell,
On 9/30/2021 I submitted a Records Request in person to the County Administrator's Office
(Attached) due to an event that occurred the day prior when a drone I was flying had inadvertently
crashed due to human error outside of Justice Court while I was filming video of the giant flag
waving as well as the top of Justice Court where LAFAYETTE COUNTY is spelled out. No damage
was caused except to the propellers of my drone. There was an extreme overreaction by LCSO as I
figured would be the case given that the entire politicized agenda since 2017 has been to find
anything and everything to blow out of proportion so that they can rig some type of charge/charges,
or to manufacture their own version of a crime that never was committed in order to at least give off
the impression that a crime occurred. It's been the same repeated strategy since everything that
occurred back in 2017, and this certainly wasn't any different of a scenario. This is a full blown
attack on an independent journalist in retaliation for exercising my constitutionally protected right to
free speech and publishing when it comes to matters of grave concern that involve myself and the
destructive tactics pushed by Lafayette County to attack and continually attack through retaliatory and
obstructive ways for seeking full vindication of my rights and life while producing more and more
evidence of extremely foul play, egregious misconduct, and constitutional neglect demonstrating select
adherence and enforcement of laws. I reference to this as the "Good Ole Boy" system of law
In an effort to hinder and obstruct further and not comply with the below requests, Sheriff Joey East
decided to create his own sham "investigation" into the matter which he currently leaves open over 4-
months later despite numerous documented attempts to compel compliance on the matter. The
ridiculous harassment that took place took place directly in front of a minor child whom was in my
care at the time, which when combined with more recent discoveries have led to aggravated mitigating
circumstances surrounding this matter. Particularly when taking into consideration East using the
continued excuse of it being "CLASSIFIED AS AN ACTIVE INVESTIGATION" as reason for his
refusal to comply in turning over the requested items. First of all, this far exceeds his jurisdictional
authority. I know it, you know it, he knows it, and its been conveyed to him multiple times.
Issues surrounding whether or not I possessed a FAA Part 107 Commercial License to fly the drone
would be left to the Federal Authorities if they so desired, as it is regarding to FAA and drone flight, not
the Sheriff to probe and prosecute. All of this even questioned due to the fact that I have press
credentials identifying me as an independent journalist/reporter, UNPAID at that to document the
dirty deeds that have stemmed from the County & Sheriff that have affected me personally.
The Information requested in the below report demonstrates quite the contrary of the obnoxious
deception and lies tendered to an employee of Communicare by Sheriff East on or around December 7th,
2021 where in it was attested that I am "Provoking People With My Minor Child". In refusing to comply,
the Sheriff in turn has intentionally hindered the due course of justice and all truths prevailing by his
choosing to suppress evidence that would show foul play on his behalf as motive behind such attack on
the freedoms and liberties of a private citizen. For this department, these deputies, and this Sheriff in
particular to subject me to additional unfair and unjust treatment and handling after all that
has transpired up to this point which I have gathered evidence on and/or published further
exacerbates it all. Further, departmentally attacking me on the issue of being an independent
credentialed journalist/reporter is beyond all things acceptable, is completely insulting, and
constitutionally destructive. These moves in particular demonstrate a coup-style attempt by the
county through its officials to abridge the gap to any potential resolution on any of the
major issues currently at hand, and in no way can these actions and decisions lead to curing any
any of the now massive violations and grievances at hand. It is beyond appalling that this county
through the actions of it's officials have shown absolutely zero care or sincerity to the major issues
at hand which can be simply examined from a binary perspective which in turn have brought about
an intentional deprivation of life, liberty, and property through the actions of certain Lafayette
County Officials and in particular your Sheriff, Joey East. It is a shame that Lafayette County
has painted the largest of signs of public distrust on itself through its lack of transparency,
the proven lack of integrity by it's command leadership, along with the dereliction of duties
sworn to under oath through completely malfeasant acts which have progressed to retaliatory
attacks on a private citizen whom since the beginning has simply sought out complete
vindication and equal protections of the laws as guaranteed by and through the 14th
amendment. All that has occurred up to now can be attributed to fruit of the poisoned tree, Lafayette
County's poisoned tree which they continue to poison through actionable decisions that are both
improper and immoral. I am confident the argument exists and is warranted that through the
extensive lengths and increasingly criminal actions of select county officials and East in particular,
that any and all claims of qualified immunity are severed. This is one matter in particular I am
planning to argue extensively.
The nonstop obstructive tactics demonstrated by and through Joey East is not only appalling
and insulting, but unconstitutional and criminal. Clearly he believes that he is above the rule of law
and that he won't be held to the same expectations and requirements of any other elected or
appointed officials. However, I refuse to just sit by silent allowing all of this complete nonsense to go
on while I continue getting attacked through the lowest of blows, the most damning of lies, and most
sinister of cheap shots directly stemming from East. I am requesting that the requested items in this
request be complied upon prior to the end of the day tomorrow and I would like to receive
confirmation that this sham obstructive investigation be closed out by that time as well for the reasons
stated, primarily being the subject matter jurisdiction/improper jurisdictional authority. The US
Attorneys Office is not pursuing this completely frivolous garbage the Sheriffs Office referred over to
them, so for LCSO to leave it open in an effort to not comply with these requests is beyond
obnoxious and will only lead to additional counts on a Federal complaint being drawn up or a
separate suit all together being filed which the County in turn will have to defend.
Kindest Regards from a Very Concerned Citizen,
Matt Reardon
The Complaintant
PLEASE REMIT ANY REPLY VIA EMAIL TO LEGAL@MATTREARDON.COM