MISSISSIPPI RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE
1. Scope of Rules.
2. One Form of Action.
3. Commencement of Action.
4. Summons.
5. Service of Filing of Pleadings and Other Papers.
5.1. Privacy Protection for Filings Made with the Court.
6. Time.
7. Pleadings Allowed; Form of Motions.
8. General Rules of Pleading.
9. Pleading Special Matters.
10. Form of Pleadings.
11. Signing of Pleadings and Motions.
12. Defenses and Objections-- When and How Presented-- By Pleading or Motion--
Motion For Judgment On the Pleadings.
13. Counter-Claim and Cross-Claim.
14. Third-Party Practice.
15. Amended and Supplemental Pleadings.
16. Pre-trial Procedure.
16A. Motions for Recusal of Judges.
17. Parties Plaintiff and Defendant; Capacity.
18. Joinder of Claims and Remedies.
19. Joinder of Persons Needed for Just Adjudication.
20. Permissive Joinder of Parties.
21. Misjoinder and Nonjoinder of Parties.
22. Interpleader.
23. [Class Actions] [Omitted].
23.1 [Derivative Actions By Shareholders] [Omitted].
23.2 [Actions Related to Unincorporated Associations] [Omitted].
24. Intervention.
25. Substitution of Parties.
26. General Provisions Governing Discovery.
27. Depositions Before Actions or Pending Appeal.
28. Persons Before Whom Depositions May Be Taken.
29. Stipulations Regarding Discovery Procedure.
30. Depositions Upon Oral Examination.
31. Depositions Upon Written Questions.
32. Use of Depositions In Court Proceedings.
33. Interrogatories to Parties.
34. Production of Documents and Things and Entry Upon Land For Inspection and
Other Purposes.
35. Physical and Mental Examinations of Persons.
2
36. Requests for Admission.
37. Failure to Make Or Cooperate in Discovery: Sanctions.
38. Jury Trial of Right.
39. [Trial By Jury Or By The Court] [Omitted].
40. Assignment of Cases for Trial.
41. Dismissal of Actions.
42. Consolidation: Separate Trials.
43. Taking of Testimony.
44. Proof Of Documents.
44.1 [Determination of Foreign Law] [Omitted].
45. Subpoena.
46. Exceptions Unnecessary.
47. Jurors.
48. Juries and Jury Verdicts.
49. General Verdicts and Special Verdicts.
50. Motions For Directed Verdict and For Judgment Notwithstanding the Verdict.
51. Instructions to Jury.
52. Findings By The Court.
53. Masters, Referees and Commissioners.
54. Judgments; Costs.
3
55. Default.
56. Summary Judgment.
57. Declaratory Judgments.
58. Entry of Judgment.
59. New Trials; Amendment of Judgments.
60. Relief From Judgment or Order.
61. Harmless Error.
62. Stay of Proceedings To Enforce A Judgment.
63. Judge’s Inability to Proceed.
64. Seizure of Person or Property.
65. Injunctions.
65.1 Security: Proceedings Against Sureties.
66. Receivers.
67. Deposit in Court.
68. Offer of Judgment.
69. Execution.
70. Judgment For Specific Acts; Vesting Title.
71. Process In Behalf Of and Against Persons Not Parties.
71A. [Eminent Domain] [Omitted].
72 TO 76. [Omitted].
4
77. Courts and Clerks.
78. Motion Practice.
79. Books and Records Kept By The Clerk and Entries Therein.
80. [Stenographic Report or Transcript As Evidence] [Omitted].
81. Applicability of Rules.
82. Jurisdiction and Venue.
83. Local Court Rules.
84. Forms.
85. Title.
Appendix A. Forms.
Form 1A. Summons.
Form 1AA. Summons.
Form 1B. Notice And Acknowledgment For Service By Mail.
Form 1C. Summons By Publication.
Form 1D. Rule 81 Summons.
Form 1DD. Rule 81 Summons.
Form 1E. Waiver of Process.
Form 2. Complaint on a Promissory Note.
Form 3. Complaint on Covenant or Agreement.
Form 4. Complaint For Specific Performance.
5
Form 5. Complaint on Open Account.
Form 6. Complaint on Account Stated.
Form 7. Complaint for Goods Sold and Delivered.
Form 8. Complaint for Work and Labor Done.
Form 9. Complaint for Money Lent.
Form 10. Complaint for Money Paid by Mistake.
Form 11. Complaint for Money Had and Received.
Form 12. Complaint for Money Paid by Plaintiff for Defendant.
Form 13. Complaint on Policy of Life Insurance.
Form 14. Complaint On Policy of Fire Insurance.
Form 15. Complaint for Negligence or Wantonness.
Form 16. Complaint for Assault and Battery.
Form 17. Complaint for False Imprisonment.
Form 18. Complaint for Malicious Prosecution.
Form 19. Complaint for Fraud.
Form 20. Complaint on a Warranty.
Form 21. Complaint for Conversion.
Form 22. Motion to Dismiss Pursuant to Rule 12(b).
Form 23. Answer Presenting Defenses Under Rule 12(b).
Form 24. Motion to Bring In Third-Party Defendant.
6
Form 25. Third-Party Complaint.
Form 26. Motion To Intervene as a Defendant Under Rule 24.
Form 27. Motion to Drop Defendant or for Severance of Claims.
Form 28. Motion by Defendant for Severance of Claims of Several Plaintiffs.
Form 29. Motion by Plaintiff to Add Defendant.
Form 30. Motion by Defendant to Bring in Additional Defendant.
Form 31. Motion by Defendant to Add Additional Plaintiff.
Form 32. Answer to Complaint Set Forth in Form 11 with Counter-Claim for
Interpleader.
Form 33. Plaintiff’s Motion for Substitution- Deceased Party Defendant.
Form 34. Pre-trial Order.
Form 35. Motion for Judgment Notwithstanding the Verdict, or in the Alternative, for
New Trial.
Form 36. Application to Clerk for Entry of Default and Supporting Affidavit.
Form 37. Docket of Entry of Default.
Form 38. Default Judgment Entered by Court.
Appendix B. Statutes Affected.
Appendix C. Time Table for Proceedings.
7
MISSISSIPPI RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE
Adopted Effective January 1, 1982
ORDER ADOPTING THE MISSISSIPPI RULES OF
CIVIL PROCEDURE
SUPREME COURT OF MISSISSIPPI
Pursuant to the inherent authority vested in this Court by the Constitution of the State
of Mississippi, as discussed in Cecil Newell, Jr. v. State of Mississippi, 308 So. 2d 71
(Miss.1975), to promote justice, uniformity, and the efficiency of courts, the rules attached
hereto are adopted and promulgated as Rules of Practice and Procedure in all Chancery,
Circuit, and County Courts of this State in all civil actions filed on and after January 1, 1982,
any and all statutes and court rules previously adopted to the contrary notwithstanding, and
in the event of a conflict between these rules and any statute or court rule previously
adopted these rules shall control.
The Clerk of this Court is authorized and directed to spread this order and the rules
attached hereto at large on the minutes of the Court, and the Clerk is further authorized and
directed to forward a certified copy thereof to West Publishing Company for publication in
a forthcoming edition of Southern Reporter, Mississippi Cases, the official publication of
decisions of this Court.
ORDERED, this the 26th day of May, 1981.
Neville Patterson,
Chief Justice
FOR THE COURT
8
ORDER REPEALING COMMENTS TO THE
MISSISSIPPI RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE
SUPREME COURT OF MISSISSIPPI
This matter is before the en banc Court on the Motion for the Amendment of
Comments to the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure filed by the Supreme Court Rules
Advisory Committee. As created by order of this Court originally dated November 9, 1983,
the Committee is composed of members who represent the bench, bar, and the law schools
of this state. In keeping with its responsibilities and for the purpose of assisting the bench
and bar, the Committee has promulgated the notes that follow the Court’s rules. These notes,
while not official comments of the Supreme Court, are the product of extensive research and
review and have been vetted by the members of the Committee as well as other trial judges
and practicing members of the bar. The Court expresses its sincere appreciation for the
Committee’s commitment, diligence, and hard work. Having carefully considered the motion
and its attachments, the en banc Court finds that the motion should be granted to the extent
provided in this order.
IT IS, THEREFORE, ORDERED that the current Comments to the Mississippi Rules
of Civil Procedure are repealed effective July 1, 2014.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Advisory Committee Notes to the Mississippi
Rules of Civil Procedure as contained in Exhibit “A” are approved for publication with the
Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure effective July 1, 2014.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Clerk of this Court shall spread this order upon
the minutes of the Court and shall forthwith forward a true certified copy hereof to West
Publishing Company for publication as soon as practical in the advance sheets of Southern
Reporter, Third Series (Mississippi Edition) and in the next edition of Mississippi Rules of
Court.
SO ORDERED, this the 9th day of June, 2014.
William L. Waller, Jr.,
Chief Justice
FOR THE COURT
9
CHAPTER I. SCOPE OF RULES - ONE FORM OF ACTION
RULE 1. SCOPE OF RULES
These rules govern procedure in the circuit courts, chancery courts, and county courts
in all suits of a civil nature, whether cognizable as cases at law or in equity, subject to certain
limitations enumerated in Rule 81; however, even those enumerated proceedings are still
subject to these rules where no statute applicable to the proceedings provides otherwise or
sets forth procedures inconsistent with these rules. These rules shall be construed,
administered, and employed by the court and the parties to secure the just, speedy, and
inexpensive determination of every action.
[Amended effective July 1, 2020.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 2020, Rule 1 was amended to emphasize that the parties share
responsibility with the court to employ the rules so as to secure the just, speedy and
inexpensive resolution of every action. XX So. 3d XX (Miss. __).
Advisory Committee Notes
These rules are to be applied as liberally to civil actions as is judicially feasible,
whether in actions at law or in equity. However, nothing in the rules should be interpreted
as abridging or modifying the traditional separations of jurisdiction between the law courts
and equity courts in Mississippi.
The salient provision of Rule 1 is the statement that “These rules shall be construed,
administered, and employed by the court and the parties to secure the just, speedy, and
inexpensive determination of every action.” There probably is no provision in these rules
more important than this mandate; it reflects the spirit in which the rules were conceived and
written and in which they should be interpreted. The primary purpose of procedural rules is
to promote the ends of justice; these rules reflect the view that this goal can best be
accomplished by the establishment of a single form of action, known as a “civil action,”
thereby uniting the procedures in law and equity through a simplified procedure that
minimizes technicalities and places considerable discretion in the trial judge for construing
the rules in a manner that will secure their objectives.
[Advisory Committee Note adopted effective July 1, 2014; amended effective July 1, 2020.]
RULE 2. ONE FORM OF ACTION
There shall be one form of action to be known as “civil action.”
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 2 does not affect the various remedies that previously have been available in the
courts of Mississippi. The abolition of the forms of action furnishes a single, uniform
procedure by which a litigant may present a claim in an orderly manner to a court empowered
to give whatever relief is appropriate and just; the substantive and remedial principles that
applied prior to the advent of these rules are not changed. What was an action at law before
these rules is still a civil action founded on legal principles and what was a bill in equity
before these rules is still a civil action founded upon equitable principles.
2
CHAPTER II. COMMENCEMENT OF ACTION:
SERVICE OF PROCESS, PLEADINGS,
MOTIONS, AND ORDERS
RULE 3. COMMENCEMENT OF ACTION
(a) Filing of Complaint. A civil action is commenced by filing a complaint with the
court. A costs deposit shall be made with the filing of the complaint, such deposit to be in
the amount required by the applicable Uniform Rule governing the court in which the
complaint is filed.
The amount of the required costs deposit shall become effective immediately upon
promulgation of the applicable Uniform Court Rule and its approval by the Mississippi
Supreme Court.
(b) Motion for Security for Costs. The plaintiff may be required on motion of the
clerk or any party to the action to give security within sixty days after an order of the court
for all costs accrued or to accrue in the action. The person making such motion shall state
by affidavit that the plaintiff is a nonresident of the state and has not, as affiant believes,
sufficient property in this state out of which costs can be made if adjudged against him; or
if the plaintiff be a resident of the state, that he has good reason to believe and does believe,
that such plaintiff cannot be made to pay the costs of the action if adjudged against him.
When the affidavit is made by a defendant it shall state that affiant has, as he believes, a
meritorious defense and that the affidavit is not made for delay; when the affidavit is made
by one not a party defendant it shall state that it is not made at the instance of a party
defendant. If the security be not given, the suit shall be dismissed and execution issued for
the costs that have accrued; however, the court may, for good cause shown, extend the time
for giving such security.
(c) Proceeding In Forma Pauperis. A party may proceed in forma pauperis in
accordance with sections 11-53-17 and 11-53-19 of the Mississippi Code Annotated. The
court may, however, on the motion of any party, on the motion of the clerk of the court, or
on its own initiative, examine the affiant as to the facts and circumstances of his pauperism.
(d) Accounting for Costs. Within sixty days of the conclusion of an action, whether
by dismissal or by final judgment, the clerk shall prepare an itemized statement of costs
incurred in the action and shall submit the statement to the parties or, if represented, to their
attorneys. If a refund of costs deposit is due, the clerk shall include payment with the
statement; if additional costs are due, a bill for same shall accompany the statement.
3
[Amended effective September 1, 1987; amended effective June 24, 1992; amended effective
September 25, 2014.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective June 24, 1992, Rule 3(a) was amended to provide that before they are
effective, the amounts of required costs deposits must be promulgated by Uniform Court
Rule and approved by the Mississippi Supreme Court. 598-602 So. 2d XXI (West Miss. Cas.
1992).
Effective September 1, 1987, Rule 3(e) was amended by providing that the amount
required as a deposit for filing suit shall be the amount required by the Uniform Rule
governing the court in which the action is filed. 508-511 So. 2d XXV (West Miss. Cas.
1988).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 3(a) establishes a precise date for fixing the commencement of a civil action. The
first step in a civil action is the filing of the complaint with the clerk or judge. Service of
process upon the defendant is not essential to commencement of the action, but Rule 4(h)
does require service of the summons and complaint within 120 days after the filing of the
complaint.
Ascertaining the precise date of commencement is important in determining whether
an action has been brought prematurely; whether it is barred by a statute of limitations; and
which of two or more courts in which actions involving the same parties and issues have
been instituted should retain the case for disposition, absent special considerations.
The provisions in Rule 3 pertaining to costs are intended to make uniform the
assessing, accounting for, and funding of costs.
Rule 3(c) allows indigents to sue without depositing security for costs; however, the
indigent affiant may be examined as to affiant’s financial condition and the court may, if the
allegation of indigency is false, dismiss the action.
4
RULE 4. SUMMONS
(a) Summons: Issuance. Upon filing of the complaint, the clerk shall forthwith issue
a summons.
(1) At the written election of the plaintiff or the plaintiff’s attorney, the clerk shall:
(A) Deliver the summons to the plaintiff or plaintiff’s attorney for service under
subparagraphs (c)(1) or (c)(3) or (c)(4) or (c)(5) of this rule.
(B) Deliver the summons to the sheriff of the county in which the defendant
resides or is found for service under subparagraph (c)(2) of this rule.
(C) Make service by publication under subparagraph (c)(4) of this rule.
(2) The person to whom the summons is delivered shall be responsible for prompt
service of the summons and a copy of the complaint. Upon request of the plaintiff, separate
or additional summons shall issue against any defendants.
(b) Same: Form. The summons shall be dated and signed by the clerk, be under the
seal of the court, contain the name of the court and the names of the parties, be directed to
the defendant, state the name and address of the plaintiff’s attorney, if any, otherwise the
plaintiff’s address, and the time within which these rules require the defendant to appear and
defend, and shall notify him that in case of his failure to do so judgment by default will be
rendered against him for the relief demanded in the complaint. Where there are multiple
plaintiffs or multiple defendants, or both, the summons, except where service is made by
publication, may contain, in lieu of the names of all parties, the name of the first party on
each side and the name and address of the party to be served. Summons served by process
server shall substantially conform to Form 1A. Summons served by sheriff shall substantially
conform to Form 1AA.
(c) Service:
(1) By Process Server. A summons and complaint shall, except as provided in
subparagraphs (2) and (4) of this subdivision, be served by any person who is not a party and
is not less than 18 years of age. When a summons and complaint are served by process
server, an amount not exceeding that statutorily allowed to the sheriff for service of process
may be taxed as recoverable costs in the action.
5
(2) By Sheriff. A summons and complaint shall, at the written request of a party
seeking service or such party’s attorney, be served by the sheriff of the county in which the
defendant resides or is found, in any manner prescribed by subdivision (d) of this rule. The
sheriff shall mark on all summons the date of the receipt by him, and within thirty days of the
date of such receipt of the summons the sheriff shall return the same to the clerk of the court
from which it was issued.
(3) By Mail.
(A) A summons and complaint may be served upon a defendant of any class
referred to in paragraph (1) or (4) of subdivision (d) of this rule by mailing a copy
of the summons and of the complaint (by first-class mail, postage prepaid) to the
person to be served, together with two copies of a notice and acknowledgment
conforming substantially to Form 1-B and a return envelope, postage prepaid,
addressed to the sender.
(B) If no acknowledgment of service under this subdivision of this rule is
received by the sender within 20 days after the date of mailing, service of such
summons and complaint may be made in any other manner permitted by this rule.
(C) Unless good cause is shown for not doing so, the court shall order the
payment of the costs of personal service by the person served if such person does
not complete and return within 20 days after mailing the notice and
acknowledgment of receipt of summons.
(D) The notice and acknowledgment of receipt of summons and complaint shall
be executed under oath or affirmation.
(4) By Publication.
(A) If the defendant in any proceeding in a chancery court, or in any proceeding
in any other court where process by publication is authorized by statute, be shown
by sworn complaint or sworn petition, or by a filed affidavit, to be a nonresident
of this state or not to be found therein on diligent inquiry and the post office
address of such defendant be stated in the complaint, petition, or affidavit, or if
it be stated in such sworn complaint or petition that the post office address of the
defendant is not known to the plaintiff or petitioner after diligent inquiry, or if the
affidavit be made by another for the plaintiff or petitioner, that such post office
address is unknown to the affiant after diligent inquiry and he believes it is
unknown to the plaintiff or petitioner after diligent inquiry by the plaintiff or
6
petitioner, the clerk, upon filing the complaint or petition, account or other
commencement of a proceeding, shall promptly prepare and publish a summons
to the defendant to appear and defend the suit. The summons shall be
substantially in the form set forth in Form 1-C.
(B) The publication of said summons shall be made once in each week during
three successive weeks in a public newspaper of the county in which the
complaint or petition, account, cause or other proceeding is pending if there be
such a newspaper, and where there is no newspaper in the county the notice shall
be posted at the courthouse door of the county and published as above provided
in a public newspaper in an adjoining county or at the seat of government of the
state. Upon completion of publication, proof of the prescribed publication shall
be filed in the papers in the cause. The defendant shall have thirty (30) days from
the date of first publication in which to appear and defend. Where the post office
address of a defendant is given, the street address, if any, shall also be stated
unless the complaint, petition, or affidavit above mentioned, avers that after
diligent search and inquiry said street address cannot be ascertained.
(C) It shall be the duty of the clerk to hand the summons to the plaintiff or
petitioner to be published, or, at his request, and at his expense, to hand it to the
publisher of the proper newspaper for publication. Where the post office address
of the absent defendant is stated, it shall be the duty of the clerk to send by mail
(first class mail, postage prepaid) to the address of the defendant, at his post
office, a copy of the summons and complaint and to note the fact of issuing the
same and mailing the copy, on the general docket, and this shall be the evidence
of the summons having been mailed to the defendant.
(D) When unknown heirs are made parties defendant in any proceeding in the
chancery court, upon affidavit that the names of such heirs are unknown, the
plaintiff may have publication of summons for them and such proceedings shall
be thereupon in all respects as are authorized in the case of a nonresident
defendant. When the parties in interest are unknown, and affidavit of that fact be
filed, they may be made parties by publication to them as unknown parties in
interest.
(E) Where summons by publication is upon any unmarried infant, mentally
incompetent person, or other person who by reason of advanced age, physical
incapacity or mental weakness is incapable of managing his own estate, summons
shall also be had upon such other person as shall be required to receive a copy of
the summons under paragraph (2) of subdivision (d) of this rule.
7
(5) Service by Certified Mail on Person Outside State. In addition to service by any
other method provided by this rule, a summons may be served on a person outside this state
by sending a copy of the summons and of the complaint to the person to be served by
certified mail, return receipt requested. Where the defendant is a natural person, the
envelope containing the summons and complaint shall be marked “restricted delivery.”
Service by this method shall be deemed complete as of the date of delivery as evidenced by
the return receipt or by the returned envelope marked “Refused.”
(d) Summons and Complaint: Person to Be Served. The summons and complaint
shall be served together. Service by sheriff or process server shall be made as follows:
(1) Upon an individual other than an unmarried infant or a mentally incompetent
person,
(A) by delivering a copy of the summons and of the complaint to him personally
or to an agent authorized by appointment or by law to receive service of process;
or
(B) if service under subparagraph (1)(A) of this subdivision cannot be made with
reasonable diligence, by leaving a copy of the summons and complaint at the
defendant’s usual place of abode with the defendant’s spouse or some other
person of the defendant’s family above the age of sixteen years who is willing to
receive service, and by thereafter mailing a copy of the summons and complaint
(by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the person to be served at the place where
a copy of the summons and of the complaint were left. Service of a summons in
this manner is deemed complete on the 10th day after such mailing.
(2) (A) upon an unmarried infant by delivering a copy of the summons and
complaint to any one of the following: the infant’s mother, father, legal guardian
(of either the person or the estate), or the person having care of such infant or
with whom he lives, and if the infant be 12 years of age or older, by delivering
a copy of the summons and complaint to both the infant and the appropriate
person as designated above.
(B) upon a mentally incompetent person who is not judicially confined to an
institution for the mentally ill or mentally deficient or upon any other person who
by reason of advanced age, physical incapacity or mental weakness is incapable
of managing his own estate by delivering a copy of the summons and complaint
to such person and by delivering copies to his guardian (of either the person or
the estate) or conservator (of either the person or the estate) but if such person has
8
no guardian or conservator, then by delivering copies to him and copies to a
person with whom he lives or to a person who cares for him.
(C) upon a mentally incompetent person who is judicially confined in an
institution for the mentally ill or mentally retarded by delivering a copy of the
summons and complaint to the incompetent person and by delivering copies to
said incompetent’s guardian (of either the person or the estate) if any he has. If
the superintendent of said institution or similar official or person shall certify by
certificate endorsed on or attached to the summons that said incompetent is
mentally incapable of responding to process, service of summons and complaint
on such incompetent shall not be required. Where said confined incompetent has
neither guardian nor conservator, the court shall appoint a guardian ad litem for
said incompetent to whom copies shall be delivered.
(D) where service of a summons is required under (A), (B) and (C) of this
subparagraph to be made upon a person other than the infant, incompetent, or
incapable defendant and such person is a plaintiff in the action or has an interest
therein adverse to that of said defendant, then such person shall be deemed not
to exist for the purpose of service and the requirement of service in (A), (B) and
(C) of this subparagraph shall not be met by service upon such person.
(E) if none of the persons required to be served in (A) and (B) above exist other
than the infant, incompetent or incapable defendant, then the court shall appoint
a guardian ad litem for an infant defendant under the age of 12 years and may
appoint a guardian ad litem for such other defendant to whom a copy of the
summons and complaint shall be delivered. Delivery of a copy of the summons
and complaint to such guardian ad litem shall not dispense with delivery of copies
to the infant, incompetent or incapable defendant where specifically required in
(A), and (B) of this subparagraph.
(3) Upon an individual confined to a penal institution of this state or of a subdivision
of this state by delivering a copy of the summons and complaint to the individual, except that
when the individual to be served is an unmarried infant or mentally incompetent person the
provisions of subparagraph (d)(2) of this rule shall be followed.
(4) Upon a domestic or foreign corporation or upon a partnership or other
unincorporated association which is subject to suit under a common name, by delivering a
copy of the summons and of the complaint to an officer, a managing or general agent, or to
any other agent authorized by appointment or by law to receive service of process.
9
(5) Upon the State of Mississippi or any one of its departments, officers or
institutions, by delivering a copy of the summons and complaint to the Attorney General of
the State of Mississippi.
(6) Upon a county by delivering a copy of the summons and complaint to the
president or clerk of the board of supervisors.
(7) Upon a municipal corporation by delivering a copy of the summons and complaint
to the mayor or municipal clerk of said municipal corporation.
(8) Upon any governmental entity not mentioned above, by delivering a copy of the
summons and complaint to the person, officer, group or body responsible for the
administration of that entity or by serving the appropriate legal officer, if any, representing
the entity. Service upon any person who is a member of the “group” or “body” responsible
for the administration of the entity shall be sufficient.
(e) Waiver. Any party defendant who is not an unmarried minor or mentally
incompetent may, without filing any pleading therein, waive the service of process or enter
his or her appearance, either or both, in any action, with the same effect as if he or she had
been duly served with process, in the manner required by law on the day of the date thereof.
Such waiver of service or entry of appearance shall be in writing dated and signed by the
defendant and duly sworn to or acknowledged by him or her, or his or her signature thereto
be proven by two (2) subscribing witnesses before some officer authorized to administer
oaths. Any guardian or conservator may likewise waive process on himself and/or his ward,
and any executor, administrator, or trustee may likewise waive process on himself in his
fiduciary capacity. However, such written waiver of service or entry of appearance must be
executed after the day on which the action was commenced and be filed among the papers
in the cause and noted on the general docket.
(f) Return. The person serving the process shall make proof of service thereof to the
court promptly. If service is made by a person other than a sheriff, such person shall make
affidavit thereof. If service is made under paragraph (c)(3) of this rule, return shall be made
by the sender’s filing with the court the acknowledgment received pursuant to such
subdivision. If service is made under paragraph (c)(5) of this rule, the return shall be made
by the sender’s filing with the court the return receipt or the returned envelope marked
“Refused.” Failure to make proof of service does not affect the validity of the service.
(g) Amendment. At any time in its discretion and upon such terms as it deems just,
the court may allow any process or proof of service thereof to be amended, unless it clearly
10
appears that material prejudice would result to the substantial rights of the party against
whom the process is issued.
(h) Summons: Time Limit for Service. If a service of the summons and complaint
is not made upon a defendant within 120 days after the filing of the complaint and the party
on whose behalf such service was required cannot show good cause why such service was
not made within that period, the action shall be dismissed as to that defendant without
prejudice upon the court’s own initiative with notice to such party or upon motion.
[Amended effective May 1, 1982; March 1, 1985; February 1, 1990; July 1, 1998; January
3, 2002.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective January 3, 2002, Rule 4(e) was amended to delete a prohibition against
waiver of service of process by one convicted of a felony. 802-804 So.2d XVII (West Miss.
Cases 2002).
Effective July 1, 1998, Rule 4(f) was amended to state that the person serving process
shall promptly make proof of service thereof to the court.
Effective February 1, 1990, Rule 4(c)(4)(B) was amended by striking the word
“calendar” following the word and figure “thirty (30)”; Rule 4(c)(4) was amended by adding
subsection (E); Rule 4(c)(5) was amended by changing the title to reflect service by certified
mail; Rule 4(d)(2)(A) was amended by substituting the word “person” for “individual” in
reference to the one having care of the infant. 553-556 So. 2d XXXIII (West Miss. Cas.
1990).
Effective March 1, 1985, a new Rule 4 was adopted. 459-462 So. 2d XVIII (West
Miss. Cas. 1985).
Effective May 1, 1982, Rule 4 was amended. 410-416 So. 2d XXI (West Miss. Cas.
1982).
Advisory Committee Notes
After a complaint is filed, the clerk is required to issue a separate summons for each
defendant except in the case of summons by publication. The summons must contain the
information required by Rule 4(b), which requires the summons to notify the defendant that,
among other things, a failure to appear will result in a judgment by default. Although the
11
“judgment by default will be rendered” language may be an overstatement, the strong
language is intended to encourage defendants to appear to protect their interests. Forms 1A,
1AA, 1B, and 1C are provided as suggested forms for the various summonses.
The summons and a copy of the complaint must then be served on each defendant.
This rule provides for personal service, residence service, first-class mail and
acknowledgement service, certified mail service, and publication service.
Personal service is authorized by Rule 4(d)(1)(A) and requires delivery of a copy of
the complaint and the summons to the person to be served.
Residence service is authorized by Rule 4(d)(1)(B) and requires that a copy of the
complaint and the summons be left at the defendant’s usual place of abode with the
defendant’s spouse or other family member who is above the age of sixteen and who is
willing to accept service. Residence service further requires that a copy of the summons and
complaint be thereafter mailed to the defendant at the location where the complaint and
summons were left.
Personal service and residence service may be made by a process server or the sheriff
in the county where the defendant resides or can be found. A party using a process server
may pay such person any amount that is agreed upon but only that amount statutorily allowed
as payment to the sheriff under Mississippi Code Annotated section 25-7-19 (Supp. 2013)
may be taxed as recoverable costs in the action. Summonses served by process servers should
be in substantial conformity with Form 1A and summonses served by sheriffs should be in
substantial conformity with Form 1AA.
First-class mail and acknowledgement service is authorized by Rule 4(c)(3). The
plaintiff must mail the defendant a copy of the summons and complaint, two copies of a
notice and acknowledgement conforming substantially to Form 1B, and a postage paid
envelope addressed to the sender. Upon receipt, the defendant may execute the
acknowledgement of service under oath or by affirmation. If the defendant fails to execute
and return the acknowledgement of service in a timely fashion, the defendant may be ordered
to pay the costs incurred by the plaintiff in serving the defendant by another method. This
provision is intended to encourage a defendant to acknowledge service by first-class mail in
order to avoid having to pay the costs that would otherwise be incurred by the plaintiff in
serving that defendant. Execution and return of the acknowledgement of service does not
operate as a waiver of objections to jurisdiction or venue. All jurisdictional and venue
objections are preserved whether Form 1B is completed and returned from inside or outside
the state. Although M.R.C.P. 4(c)(3) is modeled after Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(d), defendants who
execute and return the acknowledgement of service under M.R.C.P. 4(c)(3) are
12
acknowledging actual service, whereas defendants who execute and return the waiver under
Fed. R. Civ. P. 4(d) are waiving service.
Publication service is authorized by Rule 4(c)(4) and is limited to defendants in
chancery court proceedings and other proceedings where service by publication is authorized
by statute. Service by publication is further limited to defendants who are nonresidents or
who cannot be found within the state after diligent inquiry. The requirements for service by
publication are detailed in the rule and must be strictly followed; otherwise service is
ineffective. See Caldwell v. Caldwell, 533 So. 2d 413 (Miss. 1988).
Certified mail service is authorized by Rule 4(c)(5) and is limited to persons outside
the state. The plaintiff must send a copy of the summons and complaint to the person to be
served by certified mail, return receipt requested. The Proof of Service must include as an
attachment the signed return receipt or the return envelope marked “refused.” Service upon
a foreign corporation, partnership or unincorporated association is effective even if the
certified mail is delivered to and signed for or refused by a person other than the addressee,
if the person accepting delivery and signing or refusing delivery is an officer or employee of
the defendant who is authorized to receive or who regularly receives certified mail. See
Flagstar Bank, FSB v. Danos, 46 So. 3d 298 (Miss. 2010) (finding service by certified mail
upon a foreign corporation effective where the plaintiff addressed the certified mail to the
foreign corporation’s registered agent for service of process and the certified mail was
delivered to the proper address and signed for by the mail clerk rather than the registered
agent). Service of process is not effective under Rule 4(c)(5) if the mailing is returned
marked “unclaimed/refused”, “unclaimed” or “undeliverable as addressed.” See Bloodgood
v. Leatherwood, 25 So. 3d 1047 (Miss. 2010).
Rule 4(d) identifies the person to be served with process when the defendant is: (i) a
mentally competent married infant or a mentally competent adult; (ii) an unmarried infant;
(iii) a mentally incompetent person who is not judicially confined to an institution for the
mentally ill or mentally deficient; (iv) a mentally incompetent person who is judicially
confined to an institution for the mentally ill or mentally deficient; (v) an individual confined
to a penal institution of this state or a subdivision of this state; (vi) a domestic or foreign
corporation, partnership or unincorporated association subject to a suit under a common
name; (vii) the State of Mississippi or one of its departments, officers or institutions; (viii)
a county; (ix) a municipal corporation; or (x) any other governmental entity.
Rule 4(e) provides for waiver of service of the summons and complaint. A waiver
must be executed after the day on which the action was commenced and thus may be
executed without a summons having been issued.
13
Rule 4(f) provides that the person serving the process shall promptly file a return of
service with the court. For first-class mail and acknowledgement service, proof of service is
to be made by filing a copy of the executed acknowledgement of service. For certified mail
service, proof of service is to be made by filing the return receipt or the envelope marked
“Refused.” The purpose of the requirement for prompt filing of the proof of service is to
enable the defendant to verify the date of service by examining the proof of service in the
court records.
Rule 4(h) provides that if service is not made upon a defendant within 120 days after
the filing of the complaint, the claims against that defendant will be dismissed without
prejudice absent good cause for the failure to timely serve the defendant. If service cannot
be made within the 120-day period, it is clearly advisable to move the court within the
original time period for an extension of time in which to serve the defendant. If the motion
for extension of time is filed within the 120-day time period, the time period may be extended
for “cause shown” pursuant to Rule 6(b)(1). If a motion for extension of time is filed outside
of the original 120-day time period, the movant must show “good cause” for the failure to
timely serve the defendant pursuant to Rule 4(h). See Johnson v. Thomas, 982 So. 2d 405
(Miss. 2008).
14
RULE 5. SERVICE AND FILING OF PLEADINGS
AND OTHER PAPERS
(a) Service: When Required. Except as otherwise provided in these rules, every
order required by its terms to be served, every pleading subsequent to the original complaint
unless the court otherwise orders because of numerous defendants, every paper relating to
discovery required to be served upon a party unless the court otherwise orders, every written
motion other than one which may be heard ex parte, and every written notice, appearance,
demand, offer of judgment, designation of record on appeal and similar paper shall be served
upon each of the parties. No service need be made on parties in default for failure to appear
except that pleadings asserting new or additional claims for relief against them shall be
served upon them in the manner provided in Rule 4 for service of summons. In an action
begun by seizure of property, in which no person need be or is named as defendant, any
service required to be made prior to the filing of an answer, claim, or appearance shall be
made upon the person having custody or possession of the property at the time of its seizure.
(b) (1) Service: How Made. Whenever under these rules service is required or
permitted to be made upon a party who is represented by an attorney of record in the
proceedings, the service shall be made upon such attorney unless service upon the party
himself is ordered by the court. Service upon the attorney or upon a party shall be made by
delivering a copy to him; or by transmitting it to him by electronic means; or by mailing it
to him at his last known address, or if no address is known, by leaving it with the clerk of the
court, or by transmitting it to the clerk by electronic means. Delivery of a copy within this
rule means: handing it to the attorney or to the party; or leaving it at his office with his clerk
or other person in charge thereof; or, if there is no one in charge, leaving it in a conspicuous
place therein; or, if the office is closed or the person to be served has no office, leaving it at
his dwelling house or usual place of abode with some person of suitable age and discretion
then residing therein. Service by electronic means is complete when the electronic
equipment being used by the attorney or party being served acknowledges receipt of the
material. If the equipment used by the attorney or party being served does not automatically
acknowledge the transmission, service is not complete until the sending party obtains an
acknowledgment from the recipient. Service by mail is complete upon mailing.
(2) Electronic Court System Service: How Made. Where a court has, by local
rule, adopted the Mississippi Electronic Court System, service which is required or permitted
under these rules shall be made in conformity with the Mississippi Electronic Court System
procedures.
(c) Service: Numerous Defendants. In any action in which there are unusually large
numbers of defendants, the court, upon motion or of its own initiative, may order that service
15
of the pleadings of the defendants and replies thereto need not be made as between the
defendants, and that any cross-claim, counter-claim, or matter constituting an avoidance or
affirmative defense contained therein shall be deemed to be denied or avoided by all other
parties and that the filing of any such pleading and service upon the plaintiff constitutes due
notice of it to the parties. A copy of every such order shall be served upon the parties in such
manner and form as the court directs.
(d) Filing. All papers after the complaint required to be served upon a party shall be
filed with the court either before service or within a reasonable time thereafter but, unless
ordered by the court, discovery papers need not be filed until used with respect to any
proceeding. Proof of service of any paper shall be upon certificate of the person executing
same.
(e) (1) Filing With the Court Defined. The filing of pleadings and other papers with
the court as required by these rules shall be made by filing them with the clerk of the court,
except that the judge may permit the papers to be filed with him, in which event he shall note
thereon the filing date and forthwith transmit them to the office of the clerk.
(2) Electronic Filing with Court Defined. A court may, by local rule, allow
pleadings and other papers to be filed, signed, or verified by electronic means in conformity
with the Mississippi Electronic Court System procedures. Pleadings and other papers filed
electronically in compliance with the procedures are written papers for purposes of these
rules.
[Amended effective March 1, 1989; Amended effective January 8, 2009, for the purpose of
establishing a pilot program for Mississippi Electronic Court System.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 5(b) and Rule 5(e) were amended by authorizing the
service and filing of pleadings and documents by electronic means. 536-538 So. 2d XXI
(West Miss. Cas. 1989).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 5 provides an expedient method of exchanging written and electronic
communications between parties and an efficient system of filing papers with the clerk. This
rule presupposes that the court has already gained jurisdiction over the parties. A “pleading
subsequent to the original complaint,” which asserts a claim for relief against a person over
whom the court has not at the time acquired jurisdiction, must be served upon such person
16
along with a copy of a summons in the same manner as the copy of the summons and
complaint is required to be served upon the original defendants.
A motion which may be heard ex parte is not required to be served, but should be
filed; see also Rule 81(b). The enumeration of papers in Rule 5(a) which are required to be
served is not exhaustive; also included are affidavits in support of or in opposition to a
motion, Rule 6(d), and a motion for substitution of parties, Rule 25.
An electronic case management system and electronic filing system, known as the
Mississippi Electronic Court System (MEC) is optional for the chancery, circuit and county
courts; however, the procedures of the MEC must be followed where a court has adopted and
implemented the MEC by local rule. Therefore, to the extent the MEC procedures address
service and filing of pleadings and other papers, the procedures should be followed to satisfy
Rule 5(e) and Rule 5(b). For purposes of Rule 5(e), the MEC procedures provide reasonable
exceptions to the requirement of electronic filing. See, Mississippi Supreme Court Website.
Although service must be made within the times prescribed, filing is permitted to be
made within a reasonable time thereafter. Instances requiring the pleading to be filed before
it is served include Rule 3 (complaint) and any other pleading stating a claim for relief which
is necessary to serve with a summons. Pursuant to Rule 5(c) (numerous defendants) the filing
of a pleading, coupled with service on the plaintiff, is notice to the parties. Rule 65(b)
requires temporary restraining orders to be filed forthwith in the clerk’s office.
To obtain immediate court action under Rule 5(e), a party may file papers with the
judge, if the latter permits, and obtain such order as the judge deems proper. Rule 5(e) should
be read in conjunction with Rules 77(a) (courts always open), 77(b) (trials and hearings;
orders in chambers), and 77(c) (clerk’s office and orders by clerk).
Rule 5(b) has no application to service of summons; that subject is completely covered
by Rule 4 and Rule 81(d).
17
RULE 5.1. PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR
FILINGS MADE WITH THE COURT
Beginning July 1, 2016, all courts and offices of a circuit or chancery clerk that
maintain electronic storage or electronic filing of documents, as defined under section 9-1-51
of the Mississippi Code, and make those documents accessible online must conform with the
privacy provisions of the Administrative Procedures for Mississippi Electronic
Courts—specifically, Sections 5 and 9 therein.
18
RULE 6. TIME
(a) Computation. In computing any period of time prescribed or allowed by these
rules, by order of court, or by any applicable statute, the day of the act, event, or default from
which the designated period of time begins to run shall not be included. The last day of the
period so computed shall be included, unless it is a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday,
as defined by statute, or any other day when the courthouse or the clerk’s office is in fact
closed, whether with or without legal authority, in which event the period runs until the end
of the next day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday, a legal holiday, or any other day when the
courthouse or the clerk’s office is closed. When the period of time prescribed or allowed is
less than seven days, intermediate Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays shall be excluded
in the computation. In the event any legal holiday falls on a Sunday, the next following day
shall be a legal holiday.
(b) Enlargement. When by these rules or by notice given thereunder or by order of
court an act is required or allowed to be done at or within a specified time, the court for cause
shown may at any time in its discretion (1) with or without motion or notice order the period
enlarged if request therefore is made before the expiration of the period originally prescribed
or as extended by a previous order, or (2) upon motion made after the expiration of the
specified period permit the act to be done where failure to act was the result of excusable
neglect; but it may not extend the time for taking any action under Rules 50(b), 52(b), 59(b),
59(d), 59(e), 60(b), and 60(c) except to the extent and under the conditions therein stated.
(c) Unaffected by Expiration of Term. The period of time provided for the doing
of any act or the taking of any proceeding is not affected or limited by the continued
existence or expiration of a term of court. The existence or expiration of a term of court in
no way affects the power of a court to do any act or take any proceeding in a civil action
consistent with these rules.
(d) Motions. A written motion, other than one which may be heard ex parte, and
notice of the hearing thereof shall be served not later than five days before the time fixed for
the hearing, unless a different period is fixed by these rules or by order of the court. Such
an order may for cause shown be made on ex parte application. When a motion is supported
by affidavit, the affidavit shall be served with the motion; and, except as otherwise provided
in Rule 59(c), opposing affidavits may be served not later than one day before the hearing,
unless the court permits them to be served at some other time.
(e) Additional Time After Service by Mail. Whenever a party has the right or is
required to do some act or take some proceedings within a prescribed period after the service
of a notice or other paper upon him and the notice or paper is served upon him by mail, three
19
days shall be added to the prescribed period. This subdivision does not apply to responses
to service of summons under Rule 4.
[Amended effective March 1, 1989; amended effective June 24, 1992; amended effective
July 1, 2008.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective June 24, 1992, Rule 6(a) was amended to provide that the legal holidays
which cause a period of time to be enlarged are those defined by statute. 598-602 So. 2d
XXII-XXIII (West Miss. Cas. 1992).
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 6(a) was amended to abrogate the inclusion of time
periods established by local court rules. 536-538 So. 2d XXI (West Miss. Cas. 1989).
Advisory Committee Notes
It is not uncommon for clerks’ offices and courthouses to be closed occasionally
during what are normal working periods, whether by local custom or for a special purpose,
such as attendance at a funeral. Rule 6(a) was drafted to obviate any harsh result that may
otherwise ensue when an attorney, faced with an important filing deadline, discovers that the
courthouse or the clerk’s office is unexpectedly closed.
Rule 6(b) gives the court wide discretion to enlarge the various time periods both
before and after the actual termination of the allotted time, certain enumerated cases being
excepted. A court cannot extend the time: (1) for filing of a motion for judgment
notwithstanding the verdict pursuant to Rule 50(b); (ii) for filing a motion to amend the
court’s findings pursuant to Rule 52(b); (iii) for filing a motion for new trial pursuant to Rule
59(b); (iv) for filing a motion to alter or amend the judgment pursuant to Rule 60(b); (vi) for
filing a motion to reconsider a court order transferring a case to another court pursuant to
Rule 60(c); or (vii) for entering a sua sponte order requiring a new trial pursuant to Rule
59(d).
Importantly, such enlargement is to be made only for cause shown. If the application
for additional time is made before the period expires, the request may be made ex parte; if
it is made after the expiration of the period, notice of the motion must be given to other
parties and the only cause for which extra time can be allowed is “excusable neglect.”
Rule 6(c) does not abolish court terms; it merely provides greater flexibility to the
courts in attending the myriad functions they must perform, many of which were heretofore
20
possible only during term time. The rule is also consistent with the provisions elsewhere
herein that prescribe a specific number of days for taking certain actions rather than linking
time expirations to the opening day, or final day, or any other day of a term of court; e.g.,
Rule 6(d) (motions and notices of hearings thereon to be served not less than five days before
time fixed for hearing), and Rule 12(a) (defendant to answer within thirty days after service
of summons and complaint).
21
CHAPTER III. PLEADINGS AND MOTIONS
RULE 7. PLEADINGS ALLOWED; FORM OF MOTIONS
(a) Pleadings. There shall be a complaint and an answer; a reply to a counter-claim
denominated as such; an answer to a cross-claim, if the answer contains a cross-claim; a
third-party complaint, if a person who is not an original party is summoned under the
provisions of Rule 14; and a third-party answer, if a third-party complaint is served. No other
pleading shall be allowed, except that the court may order a reply to an answer or a
third-party answer.
(b) Motions and Other Papers.
(1) An application to the court for an order shall be by motion which, unless made
during a hearing or trial, shall be made in writing, shall state with particularity the grounds
therefor, and shall set forth the relief or order sought. The requirement of writing is fulfilled
if the motion is stated in a written notice of the hearing of the motion.
(2) The rules applicable to captions, signing, or other matters of form of pleadings
apply to all motions and other papers provided for by these rules.
(c) Size of Paper. All pleadings, motions and other papers, including depositions,
shall be made on 8 1/2" by 11" paper. The format for all depositions shall comply with the
Guidelines for Court Reporters as provided in Mississippi Supreme Court Rule 11.
(d) Demurrers, Pleas, etc., Abolished. Demurrers, pleas, and exceptions for
insufficiency of a pleading shall not be used.
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective November 19, 1992, Rule 7(c) was redesignated Rule 7(d), and a new Rule
7(c), requiring letter size paper for all pleadings, motions and other papers was adopted. 606-
607 So. 2d XIX-XX (West Miss. Cas. 1993).
22
RULE 8. GENERAL RULES OF PLEADING
(a) Claims for Relief. A pleading which sets forth a claim for relief, whether an
original claim, counter-claim, cross-claim, or third-party claim, shall contain
(1) a short and plain statement of the claim showing that the pleader is entitled to
relief, and,
(2) a demand for judgment for the relief to which he deems himself entitled. Relief
in the alternative or of several different types may be demanded.
(b) Defenses: Form of Denials. A party shall state in short and plain terms his
defenses to each claim asserted and shall admit or deny the averments upon which the
adverse party relies. If he is without knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as
to the truth of an averment, he shall so state and this has the effect of a denial. Denials shall
fairly meet the substance of the averments denied. When a pleader intends in good faith to
deny only a part or a qualification of an averment, he shall specify so much of it as is true and
material and shall deny only the remainder. Unless the pleader intends in good faith to
controvert all the averments of the preceding pleading, he may make his denials as specific
denials or designated averments or paragraphs, or he may generally deny all the averments
except such designated averments or paragraphs as he expressly admits; but, when he does
so intend to controvert all of its averments, he may do so by general denial subject to the
obligations set forth in Rule 11.
(c) Affirmative Defenses. In pleading to a preceding pleading, a party shall set forth
affirmatively accord and satisfaction, arbitration and award, assumption of risk, contributory
negligence, discharge in bankruptcy, duress, estoppel, failure of consideration, fraud,
illegality, injury by fellow servant, laches, license, payment, release, res judicata, statute of
frauds, statute of limitations, waiver, and any other matter constituting an avoidance or
affirmative defense. When a party has mistakenly designated a defense as a counter-claim
or a counter-claim as a defense, the court on terms, if justice so requires, shall treat the
pleading as if there had been proper designation.
(d) Effect of Failure to Deny. Averments in a pleading to which a responsive
pleading is required, other than those as to the amount of damages, are admitted when not
denied in the responsive pleading. Averments in a pleading to which no responsive pleading
is required or permitted shall be taken as denied or avoided.
23
(e) Pleading to Be Concise and Direct: Consistency.
(1) Each averment of a pleading shall be simple, concise, and direct. No technical
forms of pleading or motions are required.
(2) A party may set forth two or more statements of a claim or defense alternatively
or hypothetically, either in one count or defense or in separate counts or defenses. When two
or more statements are made in the alternative and one of them if made independently would
be sufficient, the pleading is not made insufficient by the insufficiency of one or more of the
alternative statements. A party may also state as many separate claims or defenses as he has,
regardless of consistency. All statements shall be made subject to the obligations set forth
in Rule 11.
(f) Construction of Pleadings. All pleadings shall be so construed as to do
substantial justice.
(g) Pleadings Shall Not Be Read or Submitted. Pleadings shall not be carried by
the jury into the jury room when they retire to consider their verdict, except insofar as a
pleading or portion thereof has been admitted in evidence.
(h) Disclosure of Minority or Legal Disability. Every pleading or motion made by
or on behalf of a person under legal disability shall set forth such fact unless the fact of legal
disability has been disclosed in a prior pleading or motion in the same action or proceeding.
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 8 allows claims and defenses to be stated in general terms so that the rights of
the client are not lost by poor drafting skills of counsel. Under Rule 8(a), “it is only necessary
that the pleadings provide sufficient notice to the defendant of the claims and grounds upon
which relief is sought.” See DynaSteel Corp. v. Aztec Industries, Inc., 611 So. 2d 977 (Miss.
1992). A plaintiff must set forth direct or inferential fact allegations concerning all elements
of a claim. See Penn. Nat’l Gaming, Inc. v. Ratliff, 954 So. 2d 427, 432 (Miss. 2005).
Motions or pleadings seeking modification of child custody must include an allegation that
a material change has occurred which adversely affects the child or children. It is not
sufficient to allege that an adverse change will occur if the modification is not granted. See,
e.g., McMurry v. Sadler, 846 So. 2d. 240, 244 (Miss. Ct. App. 2002). In cases involving the
joinder of multiple plaintiffs, the complaint must contain the allegations identifying by name
the defendant or defendants against whom each plaintiff asserts a claim, the alleged harm
caused by specific defendants as to each plaintiff, and the location at which and time period
during which the harm was caused. See 3M Co. v. Glass, 917 So. 2d 90, 92 (Miss. 2005);
24
Harold’s Auto Parts, Inc. v. Mangialardi, 889 So. 2d 493, 495 (Miss. 2004). Failure to
provide this “core information” is a violation of Rules 8 and 11. Plaintiffs in such cases must
also plead sufficient facts to support joinder. Glass, 917 So. 2d at 93; Mangialardi, 889 So.
2d at 495.
Rule 8(c)’s requirement that defendants plead affirmative defenses when answering
is intended to give fair notice of such defenses to plaintiffs so that they may respond to such
defenses. Just as Rule 8(a) requires only that the plaintiff give the defendant notice of the
claims, Rule 8(c) requires only that the defendant give the plaintiff notice of the defense. “A
defendant’s failure to timely and reasonably raise and pursue the enforcement of any
affirmative defense or other affirmative matter or right which would serve to terminate or
stay the litigation, coupled with active participation in the litigation process, will ordinarily
serve as a waiver.” Kimball Glassco Residential Ctr., Inc. v. Shanks, 64 So. 3d 941, 945
(Miss. 2011) (citing MS Credit Ctr., Inc. v. Horton, 926 So. 2d 167, 180 (Miss. 2006)).
The list of affirmative defenses in Rule 8(c) is not intended to be exhaustive. A
defense is an affirmative defense if the defendant bears the burden of proof. See Natchez
Elec. & Supply Co., Inc. v. Johnson, 968 So. 2d 358, 361 (Miss. 2007). “A matter is an
‘avoidance or affirmative defense’ only if it assumes the plaintiff proves everything he
alleges and asserts, even so, the defendant wins. Conversely, if, in order to succeed in the
litigation, the defendant depends upon the plaintiff failing to prove all or part of his claim,
the matter is not an avoidance or an affirmative defense. A defendant does not plead
affirmatively when he merely denies what the plaintiff has alleged.” Hertz Commercial
Leasing Div. v. Morrison, 567 So. 2d 832, 835 (Miss. 1990).
Examples of some affirmative defenses or matters of avoidance that are not
enumerated in Rule 8(c) but which have been recognized by the Supreme Court include: the
failure of a foreign limited liability corporation transacting business in the state to register
to do business as a prerequisite to maintaining an action in state court as required by
Mississippi Code Annotated section 79-29-1007(1) (Supp. 2011) (see Loggers, L.L.C. v. 1
Up Technologies, L.L.C., 50 So. 3d 992, 993 (Miss. 2011)); immunity under the Mississippi
State Tort Claims Act (see Price v. Clark, 21 So. 3d 509, 524 (Miss. 2009)); failure to
comply with the requirement of a certificate of expert consultation in medical malpractice
cases as required by Mississippi Code Annotated section 11-1-58 (Supp. 2011) (see Meadows
v. Blake, 36 So. 3d 1225, 1232-33 (Miss. 2010)); plaintiff’s non-compliance with the 90-day
notice requirement contained in Mississippi Code Annotated section 11-46-11(1) (Supp.
2011) (see Stuart v. University of Miss. Med. Ctr., 21 So. 3d 544, 549-50 (Miss. 2009)); the
assertion of the right to arbitrate (see Ms. Credit Ctr., Inc. v Horton, 926 So. 2d 167, 179
(Miss. 2006)); apportionment of fault pursuant to Mississippi Code Annotated section 85-5-7
(Supp. 2011) (see Eckmann v. Moore, 876 So. 2d 975, 989 (Miss. 2004)); argument that a
25
contractual acceleration clause is an un-enforceable penalty (see Hertz Comm’l Leasing Div.
v. Morrison, 567 So. 2d 832, 834 (Miss. 1990)); the failure of a foreign corporation
transacting business in this state to obtain a certificate of authority as prerequisite to
maintaining an action in this state as required by Mississippi Code Annotated section 79-4-
15.02 (Supp. 2011) (see Bailey v. Georgia Cotton Goods Co., 543 So. 2d 180, 182-83 (Miss.
1989)); election of remedies (see O’Briant v. Hull, 208 So. 2d 784, 785 (Miss. 1968));
adverse possession as a defense to neighboring landowner’s actions (see Charlot v. Henry,
45 So. 3d 1237, 1243-44 (Miss. Ct. App. 2010)); the defense of condonation in a divorce
case (see Ashburn v. Ashburn, 970 So. 2d 204, 212-13 (Miss. Ct. App. 2007)).
A party may be denied leave to amend its answer to include an affirmative defense if
that affirmative defense has been waived. See Hutzel v. City of Jackson, 33 So. 3d 1116,
1122 (Miss. 2010).
26
RULE 9. PLEADING SPECIAL MATTERS
(a) Capacity. The capacity in which one sues or is sued must be stated in one’s initial
pleading.
(b) Fraud, Mistake, Condition of the Mind. In all averments of fraud or mistake,
the circumstances constituting fraud or mistake shall be stated with particularity. Malice,
intent, knowledge, and other conditions of mind of a person may be averred generally.
(c) Conditions Precedent. In pleading the performance or occurrence of conditions
precedent, it is sufficient to aver generally that all conditions precedent have been performed
or have occurred. A denial of performance or occurrence shall be made specifically and with
particularity.
(d) Official Document or Act: Ordinance or Special Statute. In pleading an
official document or official act it is sufficient to aver that the document was issued or the
act was done in compliance with the law. In pleading an ordinance of a municipality or a
county, or a special, local, or private statute or any right derived therefrom, it is sufficient to
identify specifically the ordinance or statute by its title or by the date of its approval, or
otherwise.
(e) Judgment. In pleading a judgment or decision of a domestic or foreign court,
judicial or quasi-judicial tribunal, or of a board or officer, it is sufficient to aver the judgment
or decision without setting forth matter showing jurisdiction to render it.
(f) Time and Place. For the purpose of testing the sufficiency of a pleading,
averments of time and place are material and shall be considered like all other averments of
material matter.
(g) Special Damage. When items of special damage are claimed, they shall be
specifically stated.
(h) Fictitious Parties. When a party is ignorant of the name of an opposing party and
so alleges in his pleading, the opposing party may be designated by any name, and when his
true name is discovered the process and all pleadings and proceedings in the action may be
amended by substituting the true name and giving proper notice to the opposing party.
(i) Unknown Parties in Interest. In an action where unknown proper parties are
interested in the subject matter of the action, they may be designated as unknown parties in
interest.
27
Advisory Committee Notes
A party desiring to raise an issue as to the legal existence, capacity, or authority of a
party must assert such in the answer. If lack of capacity appears affirmatively on the face of
the complaint, the defense may be raised by a motion pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) or Rule
12(c).
“Circumstances” in Rule 9(b) refers to matters such as the time, place and contents
of the false representations, in addition to the identity of the person who made them and what
the person obtained as a result.
Rule 9(g) requires a detailed pleading of special damages and only a general pleading
of general damages. General damages are damages that are typically caused by, and flow
naturally from, the injuries alleged. Special damages are damages that are unusual or atypical
for the type of claim asserted. Special damages are required to be pled with specificity so as
to give the defendant notice of the nature of the alleged damages. Special damages include,
but are not limited to, consequential damages, damages for lost business profit, and punitive
damages. See Puckett Machinery Co. v. Edwards, 641 So. 2d 29, 37-38 (Miss. 1994)
(consequential damages must be plead with specificity); Lynn v. Soterra, Inc., 802 So. 2d
162, 169 (Miss. Ct. App. 2001) (damages for lost business profit caused by defendant’s
blocking of a road are likely special damages). If claimant fails to plead special damages with
specificity, an award for such damages may be reversed. The requirement that special
damages must be stated with specificity will be waived if special damages are tried by the
express or implied consent of the parties pursuant to Rule 15(b).
28
RULE 10. FORM OF PLEADINGS
(a) Caption; Names of Parties. Every pleading shall contain a caption setting forth
the name of the court, the title of the action, the file number, and a designation as in Rule
7(a). In the complaint the title of the action shall include the names of all the parties, but in
other pleadings it is sufficient to state the name of the first party on each side with an
appropriate indication of other parties.
(b) Paragraphs; Separate Statement. The first paragraph of a claim for relief shall
contain the names and, if known, the addresses of all the parties. All averments of claim or
defense shall be made in numbered paragraphs, the contents of each of which shall be limited
as far as practicable to a statement of a single set of circumstances; and the paragraph may
be referred to by number in all succeeding pleadings. Each claim founded upon a separate
transaction or occurrence and each defense other than denials shall be stated in a separate
count or defense whenever a separation facilitates the clear presentation of the matters set
forth.
(c) Adoption by Reference; Exhibits. Statements in a pleading may be adopted by
reference in a different part of the same pleading or in another pleading or in any motion.
A copy of any written instrument which is an exhibit to a pleading is a part thereof for all
purposes.
(d) Copy Must Be Attached. When any claim or defense is founded on an account
or other written instrument, a copy thereof should be attached to or filed with the pleading
unless sufficient justification for its omission is stated in the pleading.
[Amended effective April 13, 2000.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective April 13, 2000, Rule 10(d) was amended to suggest, rather than require that
documents on which a claim or defense is based be attached to a pleading. 753-745 So. 2d
XVII (West Miss. Cas. 2000.)
Advisory Committee Notes
Failure to comply with the requirements of Rule 10(b) is not ground for dismissal of
the complaint or striking the answer. Instead, the court, upon a motion or on its own, may
order a party to amend the pleading so as to comply with the provisions of Rule 10(b). See,
29
e.g., 3M Co. v. Glass, 917 So. 2d 90, 92-94 (Miss. 2005); Harold’s Auto Parts, Inc. v.
Mangialardi, 889 So. 2d 493, 494-95 (Miss. 2004).
30
RULE 11. SIGNING OF PLEADINGS AND MOTIONS
(a) Signature Required. Every pleading or motion of a party represented by an
attorney shall be signed by at least one attorney of record in that attorney’s individual name,
whose address shall be stated. A party who is not represented by an attorney shall sign that
party’s pleading or motion and state the party’s address. Except when otherwise specifically
provided by rule or statute, pleadings need not be verified or accompanied by affidavit. The
rule in equity that the averments of an answer under oath must be overcome by the testimony
of two witnesses or of one witness sustained by corroborating circumstances is abolished.
The signature of an attorney constitutes a certificate that the attorney has read the pleading
or motion; that to the best of the attorney’s knowledge, information, and belief there is good
ground to support it; and that it is not interposed for delay. The signature of an attorney who
is not regularly admitted to practice in Mississippi, except on a verified application for
admission pro hac vice, shall further constitute a certificate by the attorney that the foreign
attorney has been admitted in the case in accordance with the requirements and limitations
of Rule 46(b) of the Mississippi Rules of Appellate Procedure.
(b) Sanctions. If a pleading or motion is not signed or is signed with intent to defeat
the purpose of this rule, it may be stricken as sham and false, and the action may proceed as
though the pleading or motion had not been served. For wilful violation of this rule an
attorney may be subjected to appropriate disciplinary action. Similar action may be taken if
scandalous or indecent matter is inserted. If any party files a motion or pleading which, in
the opinion of the court, is frivolous or is filed for the purpose of harassment or delay, the
court may order such a party, or his attorney, or both, to pay to the opposing party or parties
the reasonable expenses incurred by such other parties and by their attorneys, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees.
[Amended effective March 13, 1991; amended effective January 16, 2003]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective January 16, 2003, Rule 11(a) was amended to provide that the signature of
a foreign attorney certifies compliance with MRAP 46(b) and to make other editorial
changes. ____ So. 2d ____ (West Miss. Cases 2003).
Effective March 13, 1991, Rule 11(b) was amended to provide for sanctions against
a party, his attorney or both. 574-576 So. 2d XXI (West Miss. Cas. 1991).
31
Advisory Committee Notes
Good faith and professional responsibility are the bases of Rule 11. Rule 8(b), for
instance, authorizes the use of a general denial “subject to the obligations set forth in Rule
11,” meaning only when counsel can in good faith fairly deny all the averments in the
adverse pleading should he do so.
Verification will be the exception and not the rule to pleading in Mississippi. No
pleading or petition need be verified or accompanied by affidavit unless there is a specific
provision to that effect in a rule or statute. See, e.g., M.R.C.P. 27(a) and 65.
The final sentence of Rule 11(b) is intended to ensure that the trial court has sufficient
power to deal forcefully and effectively with parties or attorneys who may misuse the liberal,
notice pleadings system effectuated by these rules. The Rule authorizes a court to award a
party reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses when an adverse party “files a motion or
pleading which, in the opinion of the court, is frivolous or is filed for the purpose of
harassment or delay.” Thus, Rule 11 provides two alternative grounds for the imposition of
sanctions—the filing of a frivolous motion or pleading, and the filing of a motion or pleading
for the purpose of harassment or delay. See Nationwide Mut. Ins. Co. v. Evans, 553 So. 2d
1117, 1120 (Miss. 1989). Although a finding of bad faith is necessary to sustain the
imposition of sanctions based on purposeful harassment or delay, a finding of bad faith is not
necessary to sustain the imposition of sanctions based upon frivolous pleadings or motions.
A pleading or motion is frivolous “only when, objectively speaking, the pleader or movant
has no hope of success.” See In re Spencer, 985 So. 2d 330, 339 (Miss. 2008). A pleading
is “frivolous” if its “insufficiency…is so manifest upon a bare inspection of the pleadings,
that the court or judge is able to determine its character without argument or research.” In re
Estate of Smith, 69 So. 3d 1, 6 (Miss. 2011). A defensive pleading is not frivolous unless
“conceding it to be true does not, taken as a whole, contain any defense to any part of
complainant’s cause of action and its insufficiency as a defense is so glaring that the Court
can determine it upon a bare inspection without argument.” In re Estate of Smith, 69 So. 3d
at 6.
Sanctions against a party are improper in cases where the party relied strictly on
advice of counsel and could not be expected to know whether the complaint was supported
by law, where the party relied on advice of counsel in filing the pleading and played no
significant role in prosecution of the action; or where the party was unaware and lacked
responsibility for any bad faith harassment or delay. See Stevens v. Lake, 615 So. 2d 1177,
1184 (Miss. 1993).
32
The Litigation Accountability Act also authorizes a court to impose sanctions upon
attorneys and/or parties who assert “any claim or defense that is without substantial
justification, or …was interposed for delay or harassment.” Miss. Code Ann. §11-55-5 (Supp.
2011). “Without substantial justification” is defined as any claim that is “frivolous,
groundless in fact or in law, or vexatious, as determined by the court.” Miss. Code Ann.
§11-55-3(a) (Supp. 2011). “Frivolous” as used in the Act means the same thing as
“frivolous” as used in Rule 11: a claim or defense made ‘without hope of success.’” See In
re Spencer, 985 So. 2d 330, 338 (Miss. 2008).
33
RULE 12. DEFENSES AND OBJECTIONS -- WHEN AND HOW
PRESENTED -- BY PLEADING OR MOTION -- MOTION
FOR JUDGMENT ON THE PLEADINGS
(a) When Presented. A defendant shall serve his answer within thirty days after the
service of the summons and complaint upon him or within such time as is directed pursuant
to Rule 4. A party served with a pleading stating a cross-claim against him shall serve an
answer thereto within thirty days after the service upon him. The plaintiff shall serve his
reply to a counter-claim in the answer within thirty days after service of the answer or, if a
reply is ordered by the court, within thirty days after service of the order, unless the order
otherwise directs. The service of a motion permitted under this rule alters these periods of
time as follows, unless a different time is fixed by order of the court:
(1) if the court denies the motion or postpones its disposition until the trial on the
merits, the responsive pleading shall be served within ten days after notice of the court’s
action;
(2) if the court grants a motion for a more definite statement, the responsive pleading
shall be served within ten days after the service of the more definite statement.
The times stated under this subparagraph may be extended, once only, for a period not
to exceed ten days, upon the written stipulation of counsel filed in the records of the action.
(b) How Presented. Every defense, in law or fact, to a claim for relief in any
pleading, whether a claim, counter-claim, cross-claim, or third-party claim, shall be asserted
in the responsive pleading thereto if one is required, except that the following defenses may
at the option of the pleader be made by motion:
(1) Lack of jurisdiction over the subject matter,
(2) Lack of jurisdiction over the person,
(3) Improper venue,
(4) Insufficiency of process,
(5) Insufficiency of service of process,
(6) Failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted,
34
(7) Failure to join a party under Rule 19.
No defense or objection is waived by being joined with one or more other defenses
or objections in a responsive pleading or motion. If a pleading sets forth a claim for relief
to which the adverse party is not required to serve a responsive pleading, he may assert at the
trial any defense in law or fact to that claim for relief. If, on a motion to dismiss for failure
of the pleading to state a claim upon which relief can be granted, matters outside the pleading
are presented to and not excluded by the court, the motion shall be treated as one for
summary judgment and disposed of as provided in Rule 56, and all parties shall be given
reasonable opportunity to present all material made pertinent to such a motion by Rule 56;
however, if on such a motion matters outside the pleadings are not presented, and if the
motion is granted, leave to amend shall be granted in accordance with Rule 15(a).
(c) Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings. After the pleadings are closed but
within such time as not to delay the trial, any party may move for judgment on the pleadings.
If, on a motion for judgment on the pleadings, matters outside the pleadings are presented
to and not excluded by the court, the motion shall be treated as one for summary judgment
and disposed of as provided in Rule 56, and all parties shall be given reasonable opportunity
to present all material made pertinent to such a motion by Rule 56; however, if on such a
motion matters outside the pleadings are not presented, and if the motion is granted, leave
to amend shall be granted in accordance with Rule 15 (a).
(d) Preliminary Hearings. The defenses specifically enumerated (1) through (7) in
subdivision (b) of this rule, whether made in a pleading or by motion, and the motion for
judgment on the pleadings (subdivision (c) of this rule), shall be heard and determined before
trial on application of any party, unless the court orders that the hearing and determination
thereof be deferred until the trial.
(e) Motion for More Definite Statement. If a pleading to which a responsive
pleading is permitted is so vague or ambiguous that a party cannot reasonably be required to
frame a responsive pleading, he may move for a more definite statement before interposing
his responsive pleading. The motion shall point out the defects complained of and the details
desired. If the motion is granted and the order of the court is not obeyed within ten days
after notice of the order or within such other time as the court may fix, the court may strike
the pleading to which the motion was directed or make such order as it deems just.
(f) Motion to Strike. Upon motion made by a party before responding to a pleading
or, if no responsive pleading is permitted by these rules, upon motion made by a party within
thirty days after the service of the pleading upon him or upon the court’s own initiative at any
35
time, the court may order stricken from any pleading any insufficient defense or any
redundant, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous matter.
(g) Consolidation of Defenses in Motion. A party who makes a motion under this
rule may join with it any other motions herein provided for and then available to him. If a
party makes a motion under this rule but omits therefrom any defense or objection then
available to him which this rule permits to be raised by motion, he shall not thereafter make
a motion based on the defense or objection so omitted, except a motion as provided in
subdivision (h)(2) hereof on any of the grounds there stated.
(h) Waiver or Preservation of Certain Defenses.
(1) A defense of lack of jurisdiction over the person, improper venue, insufficiency
of process, or insufficiency of service of process is waived (A) if omitted from a motion in
the circumstances described in subdivision (g), or (B) if it is neither made by a motion under
this rule nor included in a responsive pleading or an amendment thereof permitted by Rule
15 (a) to be made as a matter of course.
(2) A defense of failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted, a defense
of failure to join a party indispensable under Rule 19, and an objection of failure to state a
legal defense to a claim may be made in any pleading permitted or ordered under Rule 7(a),
or by motion for judgment on the pleadings, or at the trial on the merits.
(3) Whenever it appears by suggestion that the parties or otherwise that the court lacks
jurisdiction of the subject matter, the court shall dismiss the action or transfer the action to
the court of proper jurisdiction.
Advisory Committee Notes
The motion for a more definite statement requires merely that—a more definite
statement—and not evidentiary details. The motion will lie only when a responsive pleading
is required, and is one remedy for a vague or ambiguous pleading. A defendant may also file
a Rule 12(b)(6) motion as a means of challenging a vague or ambiguous pleading.
Ordinarily, Rule 12(f) will require only the objectionable portion of the pleadings to
be stricken, and not the entire pleading. Motions going to redundant or immaterial
allegations, or allegations of which there is doubt as to relevancy, should be denied, the issue
to be decided being whether the allegation is prejudicial to the adverse party. Motions to
strike a defense for insufficiency should, if granted, be granted with leave to amend.
36
Rule 12(g) provides that a party making a pre-answer motion pursuant to Rule 12 may
join with such motion any other available Rule 12 pre-answer motions. If a party makes a
Rule 12 pre-answer motion and omits an available Rule 12 defense or objection, the party
may only raise such omitted defense or objection as allowed by Rule 12(h)(2). Rule 12(h)(2)
allows a party to raise the defense of failure to state a claim and/or the defense of failure to
join a party indispensable under Rule 19 by asserting such defenses in the answer, by raising
such defenses in a motion for judgment on the pleadings, or by raising such defenses at the
trial on the merits. Rule 12(g) encourages a party to consolidate all available Rule 12 motions
so as to avoid successive motions.
Rule 12(h)(1) states that certain specified defenses which are available to a party when
the party makes a pre-answer motion, but which are omitted from the pre-answer motion, are
waived. The specified defenses include: (1) lack of personal jurisdiction; (2) improper venue;
(3) insufficiency of process; and (4) insufficiency of service of process. In addition, Rule
12(h)(1) further provides that if a party answers rather than filing a pre-answer motion, the
party must raise any of these specified defenses in the answer or an amended answer made
as a matter of course pursuant to Rule 15(a) to avoid waiver of such defenses.
Under Rule 12(h)(3) a question of subject matter jurisdiction may be presented at any
time, either by motion or answer. Further, it may be asserted as a motion for relief from a
final judgment under Rule 60(b)(4) or may be presented for the first time on appeal. The
provision directing a court lacking subject matter jurisdiction to transfer the action to a court
having jurisdiction preserves the traditional Mississippi practice of transferring actions
between the circuit and chancery courts, as provided by Miss. Const. §§157 (all causes that
may be brought in the circuit court whereof the chancery court has jurisdiction shall be
transferred to the chancery court) and 162 (all causes that may be brought in chancery court
whereof the circuit court has exclusive jurisdiction shall be transferred to the circuit court),
but not reversing for a court’s improperly exercising its jurisdiction, Miss. Const. §147.
37
RULE 13. COUNTER-CLAIM AND CROSS-CLAIM
(a) Compulsory Counter-claims. A pleading shall state as a counter-claim any claim
which at the time of serving the pleading the pleader has against any opposing party if it
arises out of the transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter of the opposing party’s
claim and does not require for its adjudication the presence of third parties over whom the
court cannot acquire jurisdiction. But the pleader need not state the claim if:
(1) at the time the action was commenced the claim was the subject of another
pending action; or
(2) the opposing party brought suit upon his claim by attachment or other process by
which the court did not acquire jurisdiction to render a personal judgment on that claim, and
the pleader is not stating any counter-claim under this Rule 13; or
(3) the opposing party’s claim is one which an insurer is defending.
In the event an otherwise compulsory counter-claim is not asserted in reliance upon
any exception stated in paragraph (a), re-litigation of the claim may nevertheless be barred
by the doctrines of res judicata or collateral estoppel by judgment in the event certain issues
are determined adversely to the party electing not to assert the claim.
(b) Permissive Counter-Claims. A pleading may state as a counter-claim any claim
against an opposing party not arising out of the transaction or occurrence that is the subject
matter of the opposing party’s claim.
(c) Counter-Claim Exceeding Opposing Claim. A counter-claim may or may not
diminish or defeat the recovery sought by the opposing party. It may claim relief exceeding
in amount or different in kind from that sought in the pleading of the opposing party.
(d) Counter-Claim Against the State of Mississippi. These rules shall not be
construed to enlarge beyond the limits fixed by law the right to assert counter-claims or to
claim credits against the State of Mississippi, a political subdivision, or an officer in his
representative capacity or agent of either.
(e) Counter-Claim Maturing or Acquired After Pleading. A claim which either
matured or was acquired by the pleader after serving his pleading may, with the permission
of the court, be presented as a counter-claim by supplemental pleading.
38
(f) Omitted Counter-Claim. When a pleader fails to set up a counter-claim through
oversight, inadvertence, or excusable neglect, or when justice requires, he may by leave of
court set up the counter-claim by amendment on such terms as the court deems just.
(g) Cross-Claim Against Co Party. A pleading may state as a cross-claim any claim
by one party against a co-party arising out of the transaction or occurrence that is the subject
matter either of the original action or of a counter-claim therein or relating to any property
that is the subject matter of the original action. Such cross-claim may include a claim that
the party against whom it is asserted is or may be liable to the cross-claimant for all or part
of the claim asserted in the action against the cross-claimant.
(h) Claims Exceeding Court’s Jurisdiction. Upon the filing in the county court by
any party of a counter-claim or cross-claim which exceeds the jurisdictional limits of that
court, and upon the motion of all parties filed within twenty days after the filing of such
counter-claim or cross-claim, the county court shall transfer the action to the circuit or
chancery court wherein the county court is situated and which would otherwise have
jurisdiction.
(i) Joinder of Additional Parties. Persons other than those made parties to the
original action may be made parties to a counter-claim or cross-claim in accordance with the
provisions of Rules 19 and 20.
(j) Separate Trials; Separate Judgment. If the court orders separate trials as
provided in Rule 42(b), judgment on a counter-claim or cross-claim may be rendered in
accordance with the terms of Rule 54(b) when the court has jurisdiction so to do, even if the
claims of the opposing parties have been dismissed or otherwise disposed of.
(k) Appealed Actions. When an action is commenced in the justice court or in any
other court which is not subject to these rules and from which an appeal for a trial de novo
lies to a court subject to these rules, any counter-claim made compulsory by subdivision (a)
of this rule shall be stated as an amendment to the pleading within thirty days after such
appeal has been perfected or within such further time as the court may allow; and other
counter-claims and cross-claims shall be permitted as in an original jurisdiction action.
When a counter-claim or cross-claim is asserted by a defendant in such an appealed case, the
defendant shall not be limited in amount to the jurisdiction of the lower court but shall be
permitted to claim and recover the full amount of its claim irrespective of the jurisdiction of
the lower court.
39
Advisory Committee Notes
The purpose of Rule 13 is to grant the court broad discretion to allow claims to be
joined in order to expedite the resolution of all the controversies between the parties in one
suit and to eliminate the inordinate expense occasioned by circuity of action and multiple
litigation.
Subject to the exceptions stated in Rule 13(a), counterclaims are compulsory if they
arise out of the same transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter of the opposing
party’s claim. Compulsory counterclaims are so closely related to the claims already raised,
that they can be adjudicated in the same action without creating confusion and should be
adjudicated in the same action so as to avoid unnecessary expense and duplicative litigation.
Rule 13 generally requires compulsory counterclaims to be asserted in the pending litigation
to avoid waiver.
All other counterclaims are permissive and may be asserted by the defending party.
If trying the permissive counterclaim in the same case as the original claim is tried will create
confusion, prejudice, unnecessary delay or increased costs, the court has the discretion to
order that the counterclaim be tried separately pursuant to Rule 42(b).
Pursuant to Rule 13(g), a party may assert a cross-claim against a co-party if the cross-
claim arises out of the same transaction or occurrence that is the subject matter of the
complaint or a counterclaim thereto or relates to any property that is the subject matter of the
complaint. Cross-claims may be derivative claims that assert that the party against whom the
cross-claim is asserted is or may be liable to the cross-claimant for all or part of the claim
against the cross-claimant. Pursuant to Rule 13, cross-claims are permissive rather than
compulsory.
A party asserting a counterclaim or cross-claim may join additional parties as
defendants to the counterclaim or cross-claim pursuant to Rules 19 and 20.
40
RULE 14. THIRD-PARTY PRACTICE
(a) When Defendant May Bring in Third Party. After commencement of the action
and upon being so authorized by the court in which the action is pending on motion and for
good cause shown, a defending party may cause a summons and complaint to be served upon
a person not a party to the action who is or may be liable to him for all or part of the
plaintiff’s claim against him. The person served with the summons and third-party
complaint, hereinafter called the third-party defendant, shall make his defenses to the
third-party plaintiff’s claim as provided in Rule 12 and his counter-claims against the
third-party plaintiff and cross-claims against other third-party defendants as provided in Rule
13. The third-party defendant may assert against the plaintiff any defenses which the
third-party plaintiff has to the plaintiff’s claim. The third-party defendant may also assert any
claim against the plaintiff arising out of the transaction or occurrence that is the subject
matter of the plaintiff’s claim against the third-party plaintiff. The plaintiff may assert any
claim against the third-party defendant arising out of the transaction or occurrence that is the
subject matter of the plaintiff’s claim against the third-party plaintiff and the third-party
defendant thereupon shall assert his defenses as provided in Rule 12 and his counter-claims
and cross-claims as provided in Rule 13. Any party may move to strike the third-party claim,
or for its severance or separate trial. A third-party defendant may proceed under this rule
against any person not a party to the action who is or may be liable to him for all or part of
the claim made in the action against the third-party defendant.
(b) When Plaintiff May Bring in Third Party. When a counter-claim is asserted
against a plaintiff, he may cause a third party to be brought in under circumstances which
under this rule would entitle a defendant to do so.
(c) [Admiralty and Maritime Claims] [Omitted].
[Former Rule 14 deleted effective May 1, 1982; new Rule 14 adopted effective July 1, 1986.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1986, a new Rule 14 was adopted. 486-490 So. 2d XVII (West Miss.
Cas. 1986).
Effective May 1, 1982, Rule 14 was abrogated. 410-416 So. 2d XXI (West Miss. Cas.
1982).
41
Advisory Committee Notes
It is essential that the third-party claim be for some form of derivative or secondary
liability of the third-party defendant to the third-party plaintiff. Impleader is not available for
the assertion of an independent action by the defendant against a third party, even if the claim
arose out of the same transaction or occurrence as the main claim. Once a third-party claim
is properly asserted, however, the third-party plaintiff may assert whatever additional claims
the third-party plaintiff has against the third-party defendant under Rule 18(a).
The requirement that the third-party claim be for derivative or secondary liability may
be met by, for example, an allegation of a right of indemnity (contractual or otherwise),
contribution, subrogation, or warranty. The rules does not, however create any such rights.
It merely provides a procedure for expedited consideration of these rights where they are
available under substantive law. An insured party has a derivative claim for indemnity
against the insured party’s liability insurer, and may implead the party’s liability insurer, if
the insured is being sued for damages allegedly covered by the liability policy and the insurer
is disclaiming coverage pursuant to the liability policy.
A defendant who is subject to joint and several liability for a plaintiff’s damages may
have a claim against joint tortfeasors for contribution. Generally, in Mississippi, liability for
damages imposed in civil cases based upon “fault” is several only and not joint and several,
thereby obviating the need or basis for contribution claims. Mississippi Code Annotated
section 85-5-7(4), however, provides that ‘[j]oint and several liability shall be imposed on
all who consciously and deliberately pursue a common plan or design to commit a tortuous
act, or who actively take part in it.” The statute further provides that “[a]ny person held
jointly and severally liable under [such] section shall have a right of contribution from his
fellow defendants acting in concert.” Thus, Mississippi law grants a defendant who has been
held jointly and severally liable for acting in concert a right of contribution against co-
defendants who were also acting in concert.
A first-party insurer against loss, sued by its policyholder for such loss, has a
derivative claim for subrogation against, and may implead the person who allegedly caused
the loss, where a right of subrogation would arise from the insurer’s payment of the insured
plaintiff’s claim.
Because the rule expressly allows third-party claims against one who “may be liable,”
it is not an objection to implead that the third party’s liability is contingent on the original
plaintiff’s recovery against the defendant/third-party plaintiff.
42
M.R.C.P. 14 differs from Fed. R. Civ. P. 14 in that M.R.C.P. 14 requires a defending
party to obtain authorization from the court based upon a showing of good cause before such
defending party may serve a summons and third-party complaint upon a nonparty. Pursuant
to Fed. R. Civ. P. 14, a defending party must obtain leave of court only if it is filing a third-
party complaint more than 14 days after serving its original answer.
43
RULE 15. AMENDED AND SUPPLEMENTAL PLEADINGS
(a) Amendments. A party may amend a pleading as a matter of course at any time
before a responsive pleading is served, or, if a pleading is one to which no responsive
pleading is permitted and the action has not been placed upon the trial calendar, the party
may so amend it at any time within thirty days after it is served. On sustaining a motion to
dismiss for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted, pursuant to Rule
12(b)(6), or for judgment on the pleadings, pursuant to Rule 12(c), leave to amend shall be
granted when justice so requires upon conditions and within time as determined by the court,
provided matters outside the pleadings are not presented at the hearing on the motion.
Otherwise a party may amend a pleading only by leave of court or upon written consent of
the adverse party; leave shall be freely given when justice so requires. A party shall plead
in response to an amended pleading within the time remaining for response to the original
pleading or within ten days after service of the amended pleading, whichever period may be
longer, unless the court otherwise orders.
(b) Amendment to Conform to the Evidence. When issues not raised by the
pleadings are tried by expressed or implied consent of the parties, they shall be treated in all
respects as if they had been raised in the pleadings. Such amendment of the pleadings as may
be necessary to cause them to conform to the evidence and to raise these issues may be made
upon motion of any party at any time, even after judgment; but failure so to amend does not
affect the result of the trial of these issues. If evidence is objected to at the trial on the
ground that it is not within the issues made by the pleadings, the court may allow the
pleadings to be amended and shall do so freely when the presentation of the merits of the
action will be subserved thereby and the objecting party fails to satisfy the court that the
admission of such evidence would prejudice the maintaining of the action or defense upon
the merits. The court may grant a continuance to enable the objecting party to meet such
evidence. The court is to be liberal in granting permission to amend when justice so requires.
(c) Relation Back of Amendments.
(1) Whenever the claim or defense asserted in the amended pleading arose out of the
conduct, transaction, or occurrence set forth or attempted to be set forth in the original
pleading, the amendment relates back to the date of the original pleading.
(2) An amendment changing the party against whom a claim is asserted relates back
if the foregoing provision is satisfied and, within the period provided by Rule 4(h) for service
of the summons and complaint, the party to be brought in by amendment:
44
(a) has received such notice of the institution of the action that the party will not be
prejudiced in maintaining the party’s defense on the merits, and
(b) knew or should have known that, but for a mistake concerning the identity of the
proper party, the action would have been brought against the party.
(3) An amendment pursuant to Rule 9(h) is not an amendment changing the party
against whom a claim is asserted and such amendment relates back to the date of the original
pleading.
(d) Supplemental Pleadings. Upon motion of a party the court may, upon reasonable
notice and upon such terms as are just, permit the party to serve a supplemental pleading
setting forth transactions, occurrences, or events which have happened since the date of the
pleading sought to be supplemented. Permission may be granted even though the original
pleading is defective in its statement of a claim for relief or defense. If the court deems it
advisable that the adverse party plead to the supplemental pleading, it shall so order,
specifying the time therefor.
[Amended effective July 1, 1998; amended effective April 17, 2003 to allow amendments
on dismissal under Rule 12(b)(6) or judgment on the pleadings under Rule 12(c) where the
court determines that justice so requires; amended effective July 1, 2020.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1998, Rule 15(c) was amended to state that the relation back period
includes the time permitted for service of process under Rule 4(h).
Effective July 1, 2020, the subsections within Rule 15 (c) were reorganized and
renumbered.
Advisory Committee Notes
Mississippi Rule 15(a) varies from Federal Rule 15(a) in that the federal rule permits
a party to amend the pleading only once as a matter of course. The Mississippi rule places
no limit on the number of such amendments.
If a party files an amended pleading without leave of court when leave of court was
45
required by M.R.C.P. 15(a), such amendment is improper and the amended pleading will be
struck. See D.P. Holmes Trucking, LLC v. Butler, 94 So. 3d 248, 255 (Miss. 2012).
An amended complaint that adds additional defendants must also comply with
M.R.C.P. 21. See Veal v. J.P. Morgan Tr. Co., N.A., 955 So. 2d 843, 847 (Miss. 2007)
(“Where . . . the amendment sought is to add new defendants, Mississippi Rule of Civil
Procedure 21 is applicable, and requires an order from the court to add a new defendant”).
An amended pleading adding a new claim or defense among existing parties relates
back to the original pleading when the claim or defense in the amended pleading arises from
the same conduct, transaction or occurrence set forth in the original pleading.
An amended pleading changing the name of the defending party relates back to the
original pleading if the requirements of M.R.C.P. 15(c)(1) and (2) are met.
An amendment substituting a named party for a fictitious party pursuant to
M.R.C.P. 9(h) relates back only if the plaintiff exercised reasonable diligence to discover the
true identity of the fictitious party. See Bedford Health Properties, LLC v. Estate of Williams
ex rel Hawthorne, 946 So. 2d 335, 342 (Miss. 2006).
An amended pleading adding an additional defendant does not relate back to the
original pleading unless: (i) it is an amendment changing the defending party’s name and the
requirements of M.R.C.P. l5(c)(1) and (2) are met; or (ii) is an amendment substituting a
named defendant for a fictitious defendant pursuant to M.R.C.P. 9(h) and the reasonable
diligence standard is met.
[Advisory Committee Note adopted effective July 1, 2014; amended effective July 1, 2020.]
46
RULE 16. PRE-TRIAL PROCEDURE
In any action the court may on its own motion or on the motion of any party, and shall
on the motion of all parties, direct the attorneys for the parties to appear before it at least
twenty days before the case is set for trial for a conference to consider and determine:
(a) The possibility of settlement of the action;
(b) the simplification of the issues;
(c) the necessity or desirability of amendments to the pleadings;
(d) itemizations of expenses and special damages;
(e) the limitation of the number of expert witnesses;
(f) the exchange of reports of expert witnesses expected to be called by each party;
(g) the exchange of medical reports and hospital records, but only to the extent that
such exchange does not abridge the physician-patient privilege;
(h) the advisability of a preliminary reference of issues to a master for findings to be
used as evidence when the trial is to be by jury;
(i) the imposition of sanctions as authorized by Rule 37;
(j) the possibility of obtaining admissions of fact and of documents and other exhibits
which will avoid unnecessary proof;
(k) in jury cases, proposed instructions, and in non-jury cases, proposed findings of
fact and conclusions of law, all of which may be subsequently amended or supplemented as
justice may require;
(l) such other matters as may aid in the disposition of the action.
The court may enter an order reciting the action taken at the conference, the
amendments allowed to the pleadings, and the agreements made by the parties as to any other
matters considered, and limiting issues for trial to those not disposed of by admissions or
agreements of counsel; and such order when entered shall control the subsequent course of
the action, unless modified at the trial to prevent manifest injustice.
47
[Amended effective March 1, 1989; April 13, 2000.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective April 13, 2000, Rule 16 was amended to allow the conference to be held
pursuant to the court’s motion. 753-754 So. 2d. XVII (West Miss. Cas.. 2000.)
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 16 was amended to abrogate provisions for a pretrial
calendar. 536-538 So. 2d XXI (West Miss. Cas. 1989).
48
RULE 16A. MOTIONS FOR RECUSAL OF JUDGES
Motions seeking the recusal of judges shall be timely filed with the trial judge and
shall be governed by procedures set forth in the Uniform Rules of Circuit and County Court
Practice and the Uniform Rules of Chancery Court Practice.
[Adopted, April 4, 2002.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note [Rule 16A]
Effective April 4, 2002, Rule 16A and the Comment were adopted. 813-815 So.
2d LXXXI (West Miss. Cases 2002).
49
CHAPTER IV. PARTIES
RULE 17. PARTIES PLAINTIFF AND
DEFENDANT; CAPACITY
(a) Real Party in Interest. Every action shall be prosecuted in the name of the real
party in interest. An executor, administrator, guardian, bailee, trustee, a party with whom or
in whose name a contract has been made for the benefit of another, or a party authorized by
statute may sue in his representative capacity without joining with him the party for whose
benefit the action is brought. No action shall be dismissed on the ground that it is not
prosecuted in the name of the real party in interest until a reasonable time has been allowed
after objection for ratification of commencement of the action by, or joinder or substitution
of, the real party in interest; and such ratification, joinder or substitution shall have the same
effect as if the action had been commenced in the name of the real party in interest.
(b) Subrogation Cases. In subrogation cases, regardless of whether subrogation has
occurred by operation of law, assignment, loan receipt, or otherwise, if the subrogor no
longer has a pecuniary interest in the claim the action shall be brought in the name of the
subrogee. If the subrogor still has a pecuniary interest in the claim, the action shall be
brought in the names of the subrogor and the subrogee.
(c) Infants or Persons Under Legal Disability. Whenever a party to an action is an
infant or is under legal disability and has a representative duly appointed under the laws of
the State of Mississippi or the laws of a foreign state or country, the representative may sue
or defend on behalf of such party. A party defendant who is an infant or is under legal
disability and is not so represented may be represented by a guardian ad litem appointed by
the court when the court considers such appointment necessary for the protection of the
interest of such defendant. The guardian ad litem shall be a resident of the State of
Mississippi, shall file his consent and oath with the clerk, and shall give such bond as the
court may require. The court may make any other orders it deems proper for the protection
of the defendant. When the interest of an unborn or unconceived person is before the court,
the court may appoint a guardian ad litem for such interest. If an infant or incompetent
person does not have a duly appointed representative, he may sue by his next friend.
(d) Guardian Ad Litem; How Chosen. Whenever a guardian ad litem shall be
necessary, the court in which the action is pending shall appoint an attorney to serve in that
capacity. In all cases in which a guardian ad litem is required, the court must ascertain a
reasonable fee or compensation to be allowed and paid to such guardian ad litem for his
service rendered in such cause, to be taxed as a part of the cost in such action.
50
(e) Public Officers. When a public officer sues or is sued in his official capacity, he
may be described as a party by his official title rather than by name; but the court may require
his name to be added.
51
RULE 18. JOINDER OF CLAIMS AND REMEDIES
(a) Joinder of Claims. A party asserting a claim to relief as an original claim,
counter-claim, cross-claim, or third-party claim, may join, either as independent or as
alternate claims, as many claims as he has against an opposing party.
(b) Joinder of Remedies. Whenever a claim is one heretofore cognizable only after
another claim has been prosecuted to a conclusion, the two claims may be joined in a single
action; but the court shall grant relief in that action only in accordance with the relative
substantive rights of the parties.
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 18(a) eliminates any restrictions on claims that may be joined in actions in the
courts of Mississippi. Rule 18(a) permits legal and equitable claims or any combination of
them to be joined in one action; a party may also assert alternative claims for relief,
consistency among the claims not being necessary; consequently, an election of remedies or
theories will not be required at the pleading stage of litigation.
Since Rule 18(a) deals only with the scope of joinder at the pleading stage and not
with questions of trial convenience, jurisdiction, or venue, a party should be permitted to join
all claims against an opponent as a matter of right. The rule proceeds on the theory that no
inconvenience can result from the joinder of any two or more matters in the pleadings, but
only from trying two or more matters together, if at all.
52
RULE 19. JOINDER OF PERSONS NEEDED FOR
JUST ADJUDICATION
(a) Persons to Be Joined if Feasible. A person who is subject to the jurisdiction of
the court shall be joined as a party in the action if:
(1) in his absence complete relief cannot be accorded among those already parties, or
(2) he claims an interest relating to the subject of the action and is so situated that the
disposition of the action in his absence may (i) as a practical matter impair or impede his
ability to protect that interest or (ii) leave any of the persons already parties subject to a
substantial risk of incurring double, multiple, or otherwise inconsistent obligations by reason
of his claimed interest.
If he has not been so joined, the court shall order that he be made a party. If he should
join as a plaintiff but refuses to do so, he may be made a defendant or, in a proper case, an
involuntary plaintiff.
(b) Determination by Court Whenever Joinder Not Feasible. If a person as
described in subdivision (a) hereof cannot be made a party, the court shall determine whether
in equity and good conscience the action should proceed among the parties before it or
should be dismissed, the absent person being thus regarded as indispensable. The factors to
be considered by the court include: First, to what extent a judgment rendered in the person’s
absence might be prejudicial to him or those already parties; second, the extent to which, by
protective provisions in the judgment, by the shaping of relief, or other measures, the
prejudice can be lessened or avoided; third, whether a judgment rendered in the person’s
absence will be adequate; fourth, whether the plaintiff will have an adequate remedy if the
action is dismissed for nonjoinder.
(c) Pleading Reasons for Nonjoinder. A pleading asserting a claim for relief shall
state the names, if known to the pleader, of any persons as described in subdivision (a)(1)
through (2) who are not joined, and the reasons why they are not joined.
Advisory Committee Notes
Compulsory joinder is an exception to the general practice of giving the plaintiff the
right to decide who shall be parties to a law suit; although a court must take cognizance of
this traditional prerogative in exercising its discretion under Rule 19, plaintiff’s choice will
have to be compromised when significant countervailing considerations make the joinder of
particular absentees desirable.
53
There are at least four main questions to be considered under Rule 19: first, the
plaintiff’s interest in having a forum; second, the defendant’s wish to avoid multiple
litigation, inconsistent relief, or sole responsibility for a liability shared with another; third,
the interest of an outsider whom it would have been desirable to join; fourth, the interest of
the courts and the public in complete, consistent, and efficient settlement of controversies.
This list is by no means exhaustive or exclusive; pragmatism controls.
There is no precise formula for determining whether a particular nonparty must be
joined under Rule 19(b). The decision has to be made in terms of the general policies of
avoiding multiple litigation, providing the parties with complete and effective relief in a
single action, and protecting the absent persons from the possible prejudicial effect of
deciding the case without them. Account also must be taken of whether other alternatives are
available to the litigants. By its very nature Rule 19(b) calls for determinations that are
heavily influenced by the facts and circumstances of individual cases.
54
RULE 20. PERMISSIVE JOINDER OF PARTIES
(a) Permissive Joinder. All persons may join in one action as plaintiffs if they assert
any right to relief jointly, severally, or in the alternative in respect of or arising out of the
same transaction, occurrence, or series of transactions or occurrences, and if any question of
law or fact common to all these persons will arise in the action. All persons may be joined
in one action as defendants if there is asserted against them jointly, severally, or in the
alternative, any right to relief in respect of or arising out of the same transaction, occurrence,
or series of transactions or occurrences, and if any question of law or fact common to all
defendants will arise in the action. A plaintiff or defendant need not be interested in
obtaining or defending against all the relief demanded. Judgment may be given for one or
more of the plaintiffs according to their respective rights to relief, and against one or more
defendants according to their respective liabilities.
(b) Separate Trials. The court may make such orders as will prevent a party from
being embarrassed, delayed, or put to expense by the inclusion of a party against whom the
party asserts no claim and who asserts no claim against the party, and may order separate
trials or make other orders to prevent delay or prejudice.
[Amended February 20, 2004 to make rule gender neutral.]
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 20(a) permits joinder in a single action of all persons asserting or defending
against a joint, several or alternative right to relief that arises out of the same transaction
or occurrence or series of transactions or occurrences and presents a common question of
law or fact. The phrase “transaction or occurrence” requires that there be a distinct
litigable event linking the parties. Rule 20(a) simply establishes a procedure under which
several parties’ demands arising out of the same litigable event may be tried together,
thereby avoiding the unnecessary loss of time and money to the court and the parties that
the duplicate presentation of the evidence relating to facts common to more than one
demand for relief would entail.
Joinder of parties under Rule 20(a) is not unlimited as is joinder of claims under
Rule 18(a). Rule 20(a) imposes two specific requisites to the joinder of parties: (1) a right
to relief must be asserted by or against each plaintiff or defendant relating to or arising
out of the same transaction, occurrence, or the same series of transactions or occurrences;
and (2) some question of law or fact common to all the parties will arise in the action.
Both of these requirements must be satisfied in order to sustain party joinder under Rule
20(a). See American Bankers, Inc. of Florida v. Alexander, 818 So. 2d 1073, 1078 (Miss.
55
2001). However, even if the transaction requirement cannot be satisfied, there always is a
possibility that, under the proper circumstances, separate actions can be instituted and
then consolidated for trial under Rule 42(a) if there is a question of law or fact common to
all the parties. See Stoner v. Colvin, 236 Miss. 736, 748, 110 So. 2d 920, 924 (1959)
(courts of general jurisdiction have inherent power to consolidate actions when called for
by the circumstances). If the criteria of Rule 20 are otherwise met, the court should
consider whether different injuries, different damages, different defensive postures and
other individualized factors will be so dissimilar as to make management of cases
consolidated under Rule 20 impractical. See Demboski v. CSX Transp., Inc., 157 F.R.D.
28 (S.D. Miss. 1994) cited with approval in Illinois Cen. R.R. Co. v. Travis, 808 So. 2d
928, 934 (Miss. 2002).
In order to allow the court to make a prompt determination of whether joinder is
proper, the factual basis for joinder should be fully disclosed as early as practicable, and
motions questioning joinder should be filed, where possible, sufficiently early to avoid
delays in the proceedings.
56
RULE 21. MISJOINDER AND NONJOINDER OF PARTIES
Misjoinder of parties is not ground for dismissal of an action. Parties may be dropped
or added by order of the court on motion of any party or of its own initiative at any stage of
the action and on such terms as are just. Any claim against a party may be severed and
proceeded with separately.
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 21 applies, for example, when: (1) the joined parties do not meet the requisites
of Rule 20; (2) no relief has been demanded from one or more of the parties joined as
defendants; (3) no claim for relief is stated against one or more of the defendants; (4) one of
several plaintiffs does not seek any relief against the defendant and is without any real
interest in the controversy.
Rules 17 and 19 should be used as reference points for what is meant by nonjoinder
in Rule 21. Thus, Rule 21 simply describes the procedural consequences of failing to join a
party as required in Rules 17 and 19.
57
RULE 22. INTERPLEADER
(a) Plaintiff or Defendant. Persons having claims against the plaintiff may be joined
as defendants and required to interplead when their claims are such that the plaintiff is or
may be exposed to double or multiple liability. It is not ground for objection to the joinder
that the claims of the several claimants or the titles on which their claims depend do not have
a common origin or are not identical but are adverse to and independent of one another, or
that the plaintiff avers that he is not liable in whole or in part to any or all of the claimants.
A defendant exposed to similar liability may obtain such interpleader by way of cross-claim
or counter-claim. The provisions of this rule supplement and do not in any way limit the
joinder of parties permitted in Rule 20.
(b) Release From Liability; Deposit or Delivery. Any party seeking interpleader,
as provided in subdivision (a) of this rule, may deposit with the court the amount claimed,
or deliver to the court or as otherwise directed by the court, the property claimed, and the
court may thereupon order such party discharged from liability as to such claims and the
action shall continue as between the claimants of such money or property.
Advisory Committee Notes
The protection afforded by interpleader takes several forms. Most significantly, it
prevents a stakeholder from being obligated to determine at his peril which claimant has the
better claim and, when the stakeholder himself has no interest in the fund, forces the
claimants to contest what essentially is a controversy between them without embroiling the
stakeholder in the litigation over the merits of the respective claims. Even if the stakeholder
denies liability, either in whole or in part to one or more of the claimants, interpleader still
protects him from the vexation of multiple suits and the possibility of multiple liability that
could result from adverse determinations in different courts. Thus, interpleader can be
employed to reach an early and effective determination of disputed questions with a
consequent saving of trouble and expense for the parties. As is true of the other liberal
joinder provisions in these rules, interpleader also benefits the judicial system by condensing
numerous potential individual actions into a single comprehensive unit, with a resulting
savings in court time and energy.
Interpleader also can be used to protect the claimants by bringing them together in one
action and reaching an equitable division of a limited fund. This situation frequently arises
when the insurer of an alleged tortfeasor is faced with claims aggregating more than its
liability under the policy. Were an insurance company required to await reduction of claims
to judgment, the first claimant to obtain such judgment or to negotiate a settlement might
appropriate all or a disproportionate share of the fund before his fellow claimants were able
58
to establish their claim. The difficulties such a race to judgment poses for the insurer, and the
unfairness which may result to some claimants, are among the principal evils the interpleader
device is intended to remedy.
An additional advantage of interpleader to the claimant is that it normally involves a
deposit of the disputed funds or property in court, thereby eliminating much of the delay and
expense that often attends the enforcement of a money judgment.
The primary test for determining the propriety of interpleading the adverse claimants
and discharging the stakeholder is whether the stakeholder legitimately fears multiple
vexations directed against a single fund.
Ordinarily, interpleader is conducted in two “stages.” In the first, the court hears
evidence to determine whether the plaintiff is entitled to interplead the defendants. In the
second stage, a determination is made on the merits of the adverse claims and, if appropriate,
on the rights of an interested stakeholder.
After the stakeholder has paid the disputed funds into court, or given bond therefor,
and the claimants have had notice and an opportunity to be heard, the court determines
whether the stakeholder is entitled to interpleader relief. If so, the court will enter an order
requiring the claimants to interplead and, if the stakeholder is disinterested, discharging the
stakeholder from the proceeding and from further liability with regard to the interpleader
fund. The court may also permanently enjoin the claimants from further harassing the
stakeholder with the claims or judicial proceedings.
There is, however, no inflexible rule that the proceeding must be divided into two
stages. The entire action may be disposed of at one time in cases where, for example, the
stakeholder has not moved to be discharged or has remained in the action by reason of an
interest therein. There may even be a third stage, in the event that the second stage
determination leaves unresolved some further dispute, either between the stakeholder and the
prevailing claimant or among the prevailing claimants.
Trial during stages later than the first is also appropriate for counterclaims raised by
the claimants, such as those alleging an independent liability, and for cross-claims between
claimants which are held appropriate for resolution in the course of the interpleader
proceedings.
59
RULE 23. CLASS ACTIONS [OMITTED]
RULE 23.1 DERIVATIVE ACTIONS BY SHAREHOLDERS [OMITTED]
RULE 23.2 ACTIONS RELATING TO
UNINCORPORATED ASSOCIATIONS [OMITTED]
RULE 24. INTERVENTION
(a) Intervention of Right. Upon timely application, anyone shall be permitted to
intervene in an action:
(1) when a statute confers an unconditional right to intervene; or
(2) when the applicant claims an interest relating to the property or transaction which
is the subject of the action and he is so situated that the disposition of the action may as a
practical matter impair or impede his ability to protect that interest, unless the applicant’s
interest is adequately represented by existing parties.
(b) Permissive Intervention. Upon timely application anyone may be permitted to
intervene in an action:
(1) when a statute confers a conditional right to intervene; or
(2) when an applicant’s claim or defense and the main action have a question of law
or fact in common.
When a party to an action relies for ground of claim or defense upon any statute or
executive order administered by a federal or state governmental officer or agency, or upon
any regulation, order, requirement, or agreement issued or made pursuant to the statute or
executive order, the officer or agency upon timely application may be permitted to intervene
in the action. In exercising its discretion the court shall consider whether the intervention
will unduly delay or prejudice the adjudication of the rights of the original parties.
(c) Procedure. A person desiring to intervene shall serve a motion to intervene upon
the parties as provided in Rule 5. The motion shall state the grounds therefor and shall be
60
accompanied by a pleading setting forth the claim or defense for which intervention is
sought. The same procedure shall be followed when a statute gives a right to intervene.
(d) Intervention by the State. In any action (1) to restrain or enjoin the enforcement,
operation, or execution of any statute of the State of Mississippi by restraining or enjoining
the action of any officer of the State or any political subdivision thereof, or the action of any
agency, board, or commission acting under state law, in which a claim is asserted that the
statute under which the action sought to be restrained or enjoined is to be taken is
unconstitutional, or (2) for declaratory relief brought pursuant to Rule 57 in which a
declaration or adjudication of the unconstitutionality of any statute of the State of Mississippi
is among the relief requested, the party asserting the unconstitutionality of the statute shall
notify the Attorney General of the State of Mississippi within such time as to afford him an
opportunity to intervene and argue the question of constitutionality.
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 24 requires the court to balance the interests of the would-be intervenor against
the burdens such intervention might pose on those already parties or on the judicial system’s
economic and efficient disposition of the case. If one of the criteria for intervention as a
matter of right is met and the would-be intervenor files a timely application for intervention,
intervention shall be allowed. See Dare v. Stoke, 62 So. 3d 958, 959 (Miss. 2011). A trial
court has discretion when ruling on a timely motion to permissively intervene and “may
permissively grant or deny a motion to intervene, provided there is a common question of law
or fact and the motion was timely filed.” See Madison HMA, Inc. v. St. Dominic-Jackson
Mem’l Hosp., 35 So. 3d 1209, 1215 (Miss. 2010).
Applications to intervene as of right pursuant to Rule 24(a) or to permissively
intervene pursuant to Rule 24(b) must be timely. The rule does not set out any specific time
limits. Instead, trial courts are to weigh the following four factors when determining
timeliness: “(1) the length of time during which the would-be intervenor actually knew or
should have known of his interest in the case before he petitioned for leave to intervene; (2)
the extent of the prejudice that the existing parties to the litigation may suffer as a result of
the would-be intervenor’s failure to apply for intervention as soon as he actually knew or
reasonably should have known of his interest in the case; (3) the extent of the prejudice that
the would-be intervenor may suffer if his petition for leave to intervene is denied; and (4) the
existence of unusual circumstances mitigating either for or against a determination that the
application is timely.” See Hood ex rel. State Tobacco Litigation, 958 So. 2d 790, 806 (Miss.
2007). The determination of whether an application to intervene is timely is committed to the
discretion of the trial court and will not be overturned on appeal absent an abuse of
discretion.
61
RULE 25. SUBSTITUTION OF PARTIES
(a) Death.
(1) If a party dies and the claim is not thereby extinguished, the court shall, upon
motion, order substitution of the proper parties. The motion for substitution may be made
by any party or by the successors or representatives of the deceased party and, together with
the notice of hearing, shall be served on the parties as provided in Rule 5 and upon persons
not parties in the manner provided in Rule 4 for the service of summons. The action shall
be dismissed without prejudice as to the deceased party if the motion for substitution is not
made within ninety days after the death is suggested upon the record by service of a
statement of the fact of the death as herein provided for the service of the motion.
(2) In the event of the death of one or more of the plaintiffs or of one or more of the
defendants in an action in which the right sought to be enforced survives only to the
surviving plaintiff or only against the surviving defendants, the action does not abate. The
death shall be suggested upon the record and the action shall proceed in favor of or against
the surviving parties.
(b) Legal Disability. If a party comes under a legal disability the court upon motion
served as provided in subdivision (a) of this rule may allow the action to be continued by or
against his representative.
(c) Transfer of Interest. In case of any transfer of interest, the action may be
continued by or against the original party, unless the court upon motion directs the person to
whom the interest is transferred to be substituted in the action or joined with the original
party. Service of the motion shall be made as provided in subdivision (a) of this rule.
(d) Public Officers; Death or Separation From Office. When a public officer is a
party to an action in his official capacity and during its pendency dies, resigns, or otherwise
ceases to hold office, the action does not abate and his successor is automatically substituted
as a party. Proceedings following the substitution shall be in the name of the party, but any
misnomer not affecting the substantial rights of the parties shall be disregarded. An order
of substitution may be entered at any time, but the omission to enter such an order shall not
affect the substitution.
Advisory Committee Notes
The suggestion of death does not have to identify the decedent’s successors or
representatives to be substituted as the real party in interest. See Clark v. Knesal, 113 So. 3d
62
531, 536 (Miss. 2013). Although the rule requires that service of the suggestion of death
upon non-parties be accomplished in accordance with Rule 4, the rule does not indicate
which non-parties must be served with the suggestion of death so as to trigger the ninety-day
time period. Interested non-parties whose rights may be cut off by the ninety-day limits must
be served. See Hurst v. SW Miss. Legal Servs., 610 So. 2d 374, 386 (1992) (defendant’s
failure to serve the named executrix of the deceased plaintiff’s estate with the suggestion of
death rendered the suggestion of death ineffective even though the executrix may have had
actual notice of the suggestion of death); Knesal, 113 So. 3d at 537 (defendant/counter-
plaintiff who was properly served with the suggestion of death could not argue that the
failure to serve the plaintiff/counter-defendant’s non-party successors rendered the
suggestion invalid because: (i) the failure to serve the plaintiff/counter-defendant’s non-party
successors did not affect the defendant/counter-plaintiff’s opportunity to file a motion to
substitute; and (ii) service upon the decedent’s successor was impossible because there was
no existing estate or personal representative upon whom the suggestion of death could have
been served). The rule contains no restriction on who may file and serve the suggestion of
death; the decedent’s lawyer may file and serve it. Id. at 538.
The general provisions of Rule 6(b) apply to motions to substitute; accordingly, the
court may extend the period for substitution if timely requested. Similarly, the court may
allow substitution to be made after expiration of the ninety-day period on a showing that the
failure to act earlier was the result of excusable neglect. See Knesal, 113 So. 3d at 539.
If the named plaintiff was deceased at the time the original complaint was filed, then
the original complaint is null and void and the real party in interest cannot be substituted as
the proper plaintiff because a valid action was never commenced.
63
CHAPTER V. DEPOSITIONS AND DISCOVERY
RULE 26. GENERAL PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISCOVERY
(a) Discovery Methods. Parties may obtain discovery by one or more of the following
methods: depositions upon oral examination or written questions; written interrogatories; production
of documents or things or permission to enter upon land or other property, for inspection and other
purposes; and requests for admission. Unless the court orders otherwise under subdivisions (c) or
(d) of this rule, the frequency of use of these methods is not limited.
(b) Scope of Discovery. Unless otherwise limited by order of the court in accordance with
these rules, the scope of discovery is as follows:
(1) In General. Parties may obtain discovery regarding any matter, not privileged, which is
relevant to the issues raised by the claims or defenses of any party. The discovery may include the
existence, description, nature, custody, condition and location of any books, documents,
electronically stored information, or other tangible things; and the identity and location of persons
(i) having knowledge of any discoverable matter or (ii) who may be called as witnesses at the trial.
It is not ground for objection that the information sought will be inadmissible at the trial if the
information sought appears reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.
(2) Insurance Agreements. A party may obtain discovery of the existence and contents of any
insurance agreement under which any person carrying on an insurance business may be liable to
satisfy part or all of a judgment which may be entered in the action or to indemnify or reimburse for
payments made to satisfy the judgment. Information concerning the insurance agreement is not by
reason of disclosure admissible in evidence at trial. For purposes of this paragraph, an application
for insurance shall not be treated as part of an insurance agreement.
(3) Trial Preparation: Materials. Subject to the provisions of subdivision (b)(4) of this rule,
a party may obtain discovery of documents and tangible things otherwise discoverable under
subdivision (b)(1) of this rule and prepared in anticipation of litigation or for trial by or for another
party or by or for that other party’s representative (including that party’s attorney, consultant, surety,
indemnitor, insurer, or agent) only upon a showing that the party seeking discovery has substantial
need of the materials in the preparation of that party’s case and that the party is unable without undue
hardship to obtain the substantial equivalent of the materials by other means. In ordering discovery
of such materials when the required showing has been made, the court shall protect against
disclosure of the mental impressions, conclusions, opinions, or legal theories of an attorney or other
representative of a party concerning the litigation.
A party may obtain without the required showing a statement concerning the action or its
subject matter previously made by that party. Upon request, a person not a party may obtain without
the required showing a statement concerning the action or its subject matter previously made by that
person. If the request is refused, the person may move for a court order. Rule 37(a)(4) applies to
64
the award of expenses incurred in relation to the motion. For purposes of this paragraph, a statement
previously made is: (A) a written statement signed or otherwise adopted or approved by the person
making it, or (B) a stenographic, mechanical, electrical, or other recording, or a transcription thereof,
which is a substantially verbatim recital of an oral statement by the person making it and
contemporaneously recorded.
(4) Trial Preparations: Experts. Discovery of facts known and opinions held by experts,
otherwise discoverable under subsection (b)(1) of this rule may be obtained only as follows:
(A) (i) A requesting party may, through interrogatories, require any other party to identify
any witness whom the responding party expects to call as a witness at trial to present
evidence under Mississippi Rule of Evidence 702, 703, or 705.
(ii) If such witness has been retained or specially employed to provide expert testimony,
the requesting party may, through interrogatories, require the responding party to state
the subject matter on which the expert is expected to testify; the substance of the facts
and opinions to which the expert is expected to testify; a summary of the grounds for
each opinion; the facts or data considered by the witness in forming the opinions,
regardless of when and how the facts or data were made known to the witness; any
exhibits that will be used to summarize or support the opinions; the witness’s
qualifications, including a list of all publications authored by the witness in the previous
ten years; a list of cases in which, during the previous ten years, the witness testified as
an expert at trial or by deposition; and, for retained experts, a statement of the
compensation to be paid for the study and testimony in the case.
(iii) If such witness has not been retained or specially employed to provide expert
testimony, the requesting party may, through interrogatories, require the responding
party to state the subject matter on which the witness is expected to present evidence
under Mississippi Rule of Evidence 702, 703, or 705; and a summary of the facts and
opinions to which the witness is expected to testify.
(iv) A party may depose any person who has been identified as a witness who will
present evidence at trial under Mississippi Rule of Evidence 702, 703 or, 705. Such
expert depositions shall not be taken until the party desiring to depose such expert has
received interrogatory responses concerning such expert’s expected testimony.
(B) A party may discover facts known or opinions held by an expert who has been retained
or specially employed by another party in anticipation of litigation or preparation for trial and
who is not expected to be called as a witness at trial only upon a showing of exceptional
circumstances under which it is impracticable for the party seeking discovery to obtain facts
or opinions on the same subject by other means.
65
(C) Rule 26(b)(3) protects drafts of any interrogatory responses required under
Rule 26(b)(4)(A)(ii) or other expert disclosures regardless of the form in which the draft is
recorded.
(D) Rule 26(b)(3) protects communications between the party’s lawyer or representative of
the lawyer and any expert witness who has been retained or specially employed to present
evidence at trial under Mississippi Rules of Evidence 702, 703 or 705, regardless of the form
of the communications, except to the extent that the communications: (i) relate to
compensation for the expert’s study or testimony; (ii) identify facts or data that the party’s
attorney provided and that the expert considered in forming the opinions to be expressed; or
(iii) identify assumptions that the party’s attorney provided and that the expert relied upon
in forming the opinions to be expressed. For purposes of this rule, a “representative of the
lawyer” is one employed by the lawyer to assist the lawyer in the rendition of professional
legal services.
(E) Unless manifest injustice would result, the court shall require the party taking the
deposition of an opposing party’s expert who has been specially retained or employed to
present expert testimony at trial to pay the expert a reasonable fee for time spent giving
deposition testimony and a reasonable fee for up to two hours actually spent preparing for
such deposition. With respect to discovery obtained under subsection (b)(4)(B) of this rule,
the court shall require the party seeking discovery: (i) to pay the expert a reasonable fee for
time spent in responding to such discovery; and (ii) to pay the party who retained or specially
employed the expert a fair portion of the fees and expenses reasonably incurred by such party
in obtaining the facts and opinions from the expert.
(5) Specific Limitations on Discovery of Electronically Stored Information. A party need not
provide discovery of electronically stored information from sources that the party identifies as not
reasonably accessible because of undue burden or cost. On motion to compel discovery or for a
protective order, the party from whom discovery is sought must show that the information is not
reasonably accessible because of undue burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may
nonetheless order discovery from such sources if the requesting party shows good cause, considering
the concerns of Rule 26(d)(2). The court may specify conditions for the discovery. Such conditions
may include: (i) limiting the frequency or extent of electronic discovery; (ii) requiring the discovery
to be conducted in stages with progressive showings by the requesting party of a need for additional
information; (iii) limiting the sources of electronically stored information to be accessed or searched;
(iv) limiting the amount or type of electronically stored information to be produced; (v) modifying
the form in which the electronically stored information is to be produced; (vii) requiring a sample
production of some of the electronically stored information to determine whether additional
production is warranted; and (vii) allocating to the requesting party some or all of the cost of
producing electronically stored information that is not reasonably accessible because of undue
burden or cost.
66
(6) Claiming Privilege or Protecting Trial-Preparation Materials.
(A) Information Withheld. When a party withholds information otherwise discoverable by
claiming that the information is privileged or subject to protection as trial-preparation
material, the party must: (i) expressly make the claim; and (ii) describe the nature of the
documents, communications, electronically stored information, or tangible things not
produced or disclosed—and do so in a manner that, without revealing information itself
privileged or protected, will enable other parties to assess the claim.
(B) Information Produced. If information produced in discovery is subject to a claim of
privilege or of protection as trial-preparation material, the party making the claim may notify
any party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. After being notified,
a party must promptly return, sequester, or destroy the specified information and any copies
it has; must not use or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it before being notified; and
may promptly present the information to the court under seal for a determination of the
claim. The producing party must preserve the information until the claim is resolved.
(c) Discovery Conference. At any time after the commencement of the action, the court
may hold a conference on the subject of discovery, and shall do so if requested by any party. The
request for discovery conference shall certify that counsel has conferred, or made reasonable effort
to confer, with opposing counsel concerning the matters set forth in the request, and shall include:
1. a statement of the issues to be tried;
2. a plan and schedule of discovery;
3. limitations to be placed on discovery, if any; and
4. other proposed orders with respect to discovery.
Any objections or additions to the items contained in the request shall be served and filed no
later than ten days after service of the request.
Following the discovery conference, the court shall enter an order fixing the issues;
establishing a plan and schedule of discovery; setting limitations upon discovery, if any; and
determining such other matters, including the allocation of expenses, as are necessary for the proper
management of discovery in the case.
Subject to the right of a party who properly moves for a discovery conference to prompt
convening of the conference, the court may combine the discovery conference with a pretrial
conference authorized by Rule 16.
67
The court may impose sanctions for the failure of a party or counsel without good cause to
have cooperated in the framing of an appropriate discovery plan by agreement. Upon a showing of
good cause, any order entered pursuant to this subdivision may be altered or amended.
(d) Protective Orders.
(1) In General. Upon motion by a party or by the person from whom discovery is sought, and
for good cause shown, the court in which the action is pending, or in the case of a deposition the
court that issued a subpoena therefor, may make any order which justice requires to protect a party
or person from annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, or undue burden or expense, including, but
not limited to, one or more of the following:
(A) that the discovery not be had;
(B) that the discovery may be had only on specified terms and conditions, including a
designation of the time or place;
(C) that the discovery may be had only by a method of discovery other than that selected by
the party seeking discovery;
(D) that certain matters not be inquired into, or that the scope of the discovery be limited to
certain matters;
(E) that discovery be conducted with no one present except persons designated by the court;
(F) that a deposition after being sealed is to be opened only by order of the court;
(G) that a trade secret or other confidential research, development, or commercial
information not be disclosed or be disclosed only in a designated way;
(H) that the parties simultaneously file specified documents or information enclosed in sealed
envelopes to be opened as directed by the court;
(I) that payment of some or all of the expenses attendant upon such deposition or other
discovery device be made by the party seeking same.
(2) Limiting Discovery. In determining whether to enter an order limiting the frequency or
extent of discovery, the court may consider, among other things, whether the discovery sought is
unreasonably cumulative or duplicative, or can be obtained from some other source that is more
convenient, less burdensome or less expensive; whether the party seeking discovery has had ample
opportunity to obtain the information by discovery in the action; and whether the burden or expense
of the proposed discovery outweighs its likely benefit, considering the needs of the case, the amount
68
in controversy, the parties’ resources, the importance of the issues at stake in the action, and the
importance of the discovery in resolving those issues.
(3) Ordering Discovery. If the motion for a protective order is denied in whole or in part, the
court may, on such terms and conditions as are just, order that any party or person provide or permit
discovery.
(4) Awarding Expenses. Rule 37(a)(4) applies to the award of expenses incurred in relation
to the motion.
(e) Sequence and Timing of Discovery. Unless the court upon motion, for the convenience
of parties and witnesses and in the interests of justice, orders otherwise, methods of discovery may
be used in any sequence and the fact that a party is conducting discovery, whether by deposition or
otherwise, shall not operate to delay any other party’s discovery.
(f) Supplementation of Responses.
(1) In General. A party who has made an expert disclosure or who has responded to an
interrogatory, request for production, or request for admission must supplement or correct its
disclosure or response:
(A) in a timely manner if the party learns that in some material respect the disclosure or
response is incomplete or incorrect, and if the additional or corrective information has not
otherwise been made known to the other parties during the discovery process or in writing;
or
(B) as ordered by the court.
(2) Expert Witness. With respect to any expert witness who has been retained or specially
employed to present evidence at trial under Mississippi Rules of Evidence 702, 703, or 705, the
party’s duty to supplement in a timely manner extends to information included in any disclosure of
that expert’s expected testimony, including information given in response to an expert interrogatory,
information provided in an expert disclosure, and information given during an expert’s deposition.
(g) Signing Discovery Requests, Responses, and Objections.
(1) Signature Required: Effect of Signature. Every discovery request, response, or objection
must be signed by at least one attorney of record in the attorney’s own name—or by the party
personally, if unrepresented—and must state the signer’s address, e-mail address, and telephone
number. By signing, an attorney or party certifies that to the best of the person’s knowledge,
information, and belief formed after a reasonable inquiry, with respect to a discovery request,
response, or objection, it is:
69
(A) consistent with these rules and warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument
for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law, or for establishing new law;
(B) not interposed for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or
needlessly increase the cost of litigation; and
(C) neither unreasonable nor unduly burdensome or expensive, considering the needs of the
case, prior discovery in the case, the amount in controversy, and the importance of the issues
at stake in the action.
(2) Failure to Sign. Other parties have no duty to act on an unsigned reguest, response, or
objection until it is signed, and the court must strike it unless a signature is promptly supplied after
the omission is called to the attorney’s or party’s attention.
(3) Sanction for Improper Certification. If a certification violates this rule without substantial
justification, the court, on motion or on its own, must impose an appropriate sanction on the signer,
the party on whose behalf the signer was acting, or both. The sanction may include an order to pay
the reasonable expenses, including attorney’s fees, caused by the violation.
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective January 1, 2020, M.R.C.P. 26 was amended so as to include subparagraph (g).
Effective January 1, 2020, Rule 26(b) was amended. Rule 26(b)(4) was amended so as to
provide for two-tiered discovery regarding witnesses who will offer expert testimony at trial. The
amended rule authorizes more detailed interrogatories concerning expert witnesses who are retained
or specially employed and more general interrogatories concerning other witnesses who will provide
expert testimony. The amendment also authorizes depositions of any witness who will provide expert
testimony at trial. Rule 26(b) was amended so that certain communications between a party and a
party’s expert who has been retained or specially employed to provide expert testimony at trial are
deemed trial preparation material. Rule 26(b)(5) governing discovery of electronically stored
information was amended so as to refer to “electronically stored information” rather than “data or
information in electronic or magnetic form.” The amendment also provides a nonexhaustive list of
the types of conditions a judge may place on electronic discovery. Rule 26(b) was further amended
so as to include subsection (6), which requires a responding party to generally describe information
withheld from discovery based an allegation of privilege or trial preparation material and established
a process to deal with inadvertent production of privileged or trial preparation material.
Effective May 29, 2003, Rule 26(b) was amended by adding subsection (5) governing
discovery of data or information in electronic or magnetic form.
70
Effective April 13, 2000, Rule 26(c) was amended to allow the court on its own motion to
convene a discovery conference, 753-754 So. 2d XVII (West Miss. Cas. 2000).
Effective March 13, 1991, Rule 26(b)(1)(ii) was amended to delete the oral testimony of
witnesses from the listing of matter that might be discovered by a party. Rule 26(d) was amended
to provide that in the case of depositions protective orders might be made by the court that issued
a subpoena therefor. 574-576 So. 2d XXIII (West Miss. Cas. 1991).
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 26(b)(1) and Rule 26(f)(1) were amended to provide for the
identification of (and supplementation of the prior identification of) those, in addition to experts,
who may be called as witnesses at the trial. 536-538 So. 2d XXIV (West Miss. Cas. 1989).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 26(b)(2) limits discovery to “any matter, not privileged, which is relevant to the issues
raised by the claims or defenses of any party.” Earlier precedent authorized discovery of any matter,
not privileged, relevant to the “subject matter” of the case. The current rule limiting discovery to the
issues raised by any claim or defense was intended to narrow the scope of discovery.
Rule 26(b)(4)(A) establishes a two-tiered procedure for discovery concerning witnesses who
will provide expert testimony at trial. With respect to retained and specially employed expert
witnesses who are expected to testify at trial, the rule authorizes more detailed interrogatories than
those permitted concerning other expert witnesses expected to testify at trial because a party can
expect retained and specially employed expert witnesses to fully cooperate during discovery and
trial. Thus, the rule authorizes interrogatories requesting not only a statement of the opinions the
expert is expected to offer and the basis and reasons therefore, but also a statement of the facts and
data considered, not just those relied upon, by the expert as well as information concerning the
witness’s qualifications, publications and previous expert testimony. Although Rule 26(b)(4)(A)(ii)
authorizes interrogatories concerning exhibits that will be used to support or illustrate a retained or
specially employed expert witness’s opinion expected to be offered at trial, a complete response to
such an interrogatory may not be possible until closer to trial because some such exhibits may not
be created until they are actually needed for trial. Thus, a response or supplemented response
concerning such exhibits should not be deemed untimely if it was reasonably made in advance of
trial. Rule 26(b)(4)(A)(iii) establishes a more limited scope for interrogatories concerning expert
witnesses who were not retained or specially employed but who are expected to testify at trial.
Treating physicians and public accident investigators will often offer expert testimony at trial even
though they have not been retained or specially employed by a party. The more limited duty to
respond to interrogatories concerning this category of experts is based upon the recognition that
some such witnesses may not fully cooperate with the party who intends to call them at trial thereby
making it difficult or impossible for the party intending to call such witness at trial to fully and
adequately respond to interrogatories requesting the more detailed information that is discoverable
with respect to retained or specially employed expert witnesses expected to testify at trial. A response
71
under Rule 26(b)(4)(A)(iii) is sufficient if it gives reasonable notice of the expert’s testimony, taking
into account the limitations of the party’s knowledge of the facts known by and the opinions held
by the expert.
Rule 26(b)(4)(C) & (D) grant trial preparation material or “work product” protection to draft
responses to expert interrogatories, drafts of expert disclosures, and certain communications between
the lawyer and the expert (or between the representative of the lawyer and the expert) in an effort to
avoid costly, and oftentimes inefficient, discovery and to encourage more open and robust
communication between the attorney and expert so that the attorney and expert may come to a better
mutual understanding of the case. The protection is not absolute. Discovery may be had in the three
excepted areas. In addition, pursuant to Rule 26(b)(3), a party may overcome the trial preparation
material protection by showing a substantial need for the material in preparation of the case and an
inability to obtain the substantial equivalent without undue hardship. The protection is not meant to
foreclose inquiry into whether the expert explored other theories in the case at hand; whether the
expert has ever explored other theories that were not explored in the case at hand, and if so why such
theories were not explored in the case at hand; whether the expert considered any facts which were
not relied upon and, if so, why such facts were not relied upon; whether any tests were run or models
developed other than those disclosed in interrogatory responses and the results of such tests and/or
models; and whether anybody other than the party’s attorney provided support or participation in
framing the opinion.
Rule 26(b)(5) governs discovery of electronically stored information and provides that a party
may initially refuse to produce electronically stored information from a source that is not reasonably
accessible because of undue burden or cost. The rule further provides, however, that a court may
grant a motion to compel discovery from such sources upon a showing of good cause after taking
into account factors such as the burden, expense and likely benefit of such discovery. The rule
explicitly authorizes a court to order the requesting party to pay for some or all of the costs
associated with discovery of electronically stored information from a source that is not reasonably
accessible.
Rule 26(b)(6) requires a party withholding information based on a claim of privilege or trial
preparation material to generally describe such information so as to enable the requesting party to
assess the claim. It also establishes a procedure to govern inadvertent disclosure of privileged or trial
preparation material.
Rule 26(c) authorizes the court to hold a discovery conference and thereafter enter an order
governing discovery. The rule grants the court discretion to limit discovery and to allocate some or
all of the expense of discovery to the requesting party when appropriate.
Rule 26(d) grants a court discretion to enter a protective order, among other things,
prohibiting or limiting discovery after considering factors such as burden, cost, and likely benefit of
such discovery.
72
Rule 26(f) imposes a duty to supplement. The duty to supplement, while imposed on a party,
applies whether the additional or corrective information is learned by the client or by the attorney.
Supplementations need not be made as each new item of information is learned but should be made
at appropriate intervals during the discovery period, and with special promptness as the trial date
approaches. It may be useful for any scheduling order to specify the time or times when
supplementations should be made. The obligation to supplement responses to formal discovery
requests applies to interrogatories, requests for production, and requests for admissions, but not
ordinarily to deposition testimony. However, with respect to retained or specially employed experts,
changes in the opinions expressed by the expert, whether in response to an interrogatory, an expert
disclosure, or a deposition, are subject to a duty of supplemental disclosure. The obligation to
supplement applies whenever a party learns that its prior disclosures or responses are in some
material respect incomplete or incorrect. There is, however, no obligation to provide supplemental
or corrective information that has been otherwise made known to the parties in writing or during the
discovery process, as when a witness not previously disclosed is identified during the taking of a
deposition or when an expert during a deposition corrects information contained in an earlier report.
M.R.C.P. 26(g) imposes an affirmative duty to engage in pretrial discovery in a responsible
manner that is consistent with the spirit and purposes of Rules 26 through 37. In addition. Rule 26(g)
is designed to curb discovery abuse by explicitly encouraging the imposition of sanctions. The
subdivision provides a deterrent to both excessive discoverv and evasion bv imposing a certification
requirement that obliges each attorney to stop and think about the legitimacy of a discovery request,
a response thereto, or an obiection. The term “response” includes answers to interrogatories and to
requests to admit as well as responses to production requests.
If primary responsibility for conducting discovery is to continue to rest with the litigants, they
must be obliged to act responsibly and avoid abuse. Although the certification duty requires the
lawyer to pause and consider the reasonableness of his request, response, or objection, it is not meant
to discourage or restrict necessary and legitimate discovery. The rule simply requires that the
attorney make a reasonable inquiry into the factual basis of his response, request, or objection.
The duty to make a “reasonable inquiry” is satisfied if the investigation undertaken by the
attorney and the conclusions drawn therefrom are reasonable under the circumstances. It is an
objective standard similar to the one imposed by Rule 11. In making the inquiry, the attorney may
rely on assertions bv the client and on communications with other counsel in the case as long as that
reliance is appropriate under the circumstances. Ultimately, what is reasonable is a matter for the
court to decide on the totality of the circumstances.
M.R.C.P. 26(g) does not require the signing attorney to certify the truthfulness of the client’s
factual responses to a discovery request. Rather, the signature certifies that the lawyer has made a
reasonable effort to assure that the client has provided all the information and documents available
to him that are responsive to the discovery demand Thus, the lawyer’s certification under
M.R.C.P. 6(g) should be distinguished from the requirement that a responding party must sign
interrogatory responses under oath pursuant to M.R.C.P. 33(b).
73
Nor does the rule require a party or an attorney to disclose privileged communications or
work product in order to show that a discovery request, response, or objection is substantially
justified. The signing requirement means that every discovery request, response, or objection should
be grounded on a theory that is reasonable under the precedents or a good faith belief as to what
should be the law. This standard is heavily dependent on the circumstances of each case. The
certification speaks as of the time it is made. The duty to supplement discovery responses continues
to be governed by M.R.C.P. 26(e).
The premise of Rule 26(g) is that imposing sanctions on attorneys who fail to meet the rule’s
standards will significantly reduce abuse by imposing disadvantages therefor. The rule mandates that
sanctions be imposed on attorneys who fail to meet the standards established in the first portion of
Rule 26(g). The nature of the sanction is a matter of judicial discretion to be exercised in light of the
particular circumstances. The sanctioning process must comport with due process requirements. The
kind of notice and hearing required will depend on the facts of the case and the severity of the
sanction being considered. To prevent the proliferation of the sanction procedure and to avoid
multiple hearings, discovery in any sanction proceeding normally should be permitted only when it
is clearly required by the interests of justice. In most cases the court will be aware of the
circumstances and only a brief hearing should be necessary.
74
RULE 27. DEPOSITIONS BEFORE ACTION OR
PENDING APPEAL
(a) Before Action.
(1) Petition. A person who desires to perpetuate his own testimony or that of
another person regarding any matter that may be cognizable in any court of this state may
file a verified petition in the circuit or chancery court in the county of the residence of any
expected adverse party. The petition shall be entitled in the name of the petitioner and
shall show: (1) that the petitioner expects to be a party to an action cognizable in a court
of this state but is presently unable to bring it or cause it to be brought, (2) the subject
matter of the expected action and his interest therein, (3) the facts which he desires to
establish by the proposed testimony and his reasons for desiring to perpetuate it, (4) the
names or a description of the persons he expects will be adverse parties and their
addresses so far as known, and (5) the names and addresses of the persons to be examined
and the substance of the testimony which he expects to elicit from each, and shall ask for
an order authorizing the petitioner to take the depositions of the persons to be examined
named in the petition, for the purpose of perpetuating their testimony.
(2) Notice and Service. The petitioner shall thereafter serve a notice upon each
person named in the petition as an expected adverse party, stating that the petitioner will
apply to the court, at a time and place named therein, for the order described in the
petition. At least twenty days before the date of hearing the notice shall be served in the
same manner for service of summons; but if such service cannot with due diligence be
made upon any expected adverse party named in the petition, the court may make such
order as is just for service by publication or otherwise, and shall appoint, for persons not
served in the manner provided by law, an attorney who shall represent them, and, in case
they are not otherwise represented, shall cross-examine the deponent.
(3) Order and Examination. If the court is satisfied that the perpetuation of the
testimony may prevent a failure or delay of justice, it shall make an order designating or
describing the persons whose depositions may be taken and specifying the subject matter
of the examination and whether the depositions shall be taken upon oral examination or
written interrogatories. The depositions may then be taken in accordance with these
rules; and the court may make orders of the character provided for by Rule 34. For the
purpose of applying these rules to depositions for perpetuating testimony, each reference
therein to the court in which the action is pending shall be deemed to refer to the court in
which the petition for such deposition was filed.
75
(4) Use of Deposition. If a deposition to perpetuate testimony is taken under these
rules, it may be used in any action involving the same subject matter subsequently
brought in a circuit, chancery or county court in accordance with Rule 32(a).
(b) Pending Appeal. If an appeal has been taken from a judgment of a court, or
before the taking of an appeal if the time therefor has not expired, the court in which the
judgment was rendered may allow the taking of the depositions of witnesses to perpetuate
their testimony for use in the event of further proceedings in the court. In such case the
party who desires to perpetuate the testimony may make a motion in the court for leave to
take the depositions, upon the same notice and service thereof as if the action were
pending in the court. The motion shall show (1) the names and addresses of persons to be
examined and the substance of the testimony which he expects to elicit from each; (2) the
reasons for perpetuating their testimony. If the court finds that the perpetuation of the
testimony is proper to avoid a failure or delay of justice, it may make an order allowing
the depositions to be taken and may make orders of the character provided for by Rule 34,
and thereupon the depositions may be taken and used in the same manner and under the
same conditions as are prescribed in these rules for depositions taken in actions pending
in the court.
(c) Perpetuation by Action. This rule does not limit the power of a court to
entertain an action to perpetuate testimony.
76
RULE 28. PERSONS BEFORE WHOM
DEPOSITIONS MAY BE TAKEN
(a) Within the United States. Within the United States or within a territory or
insular possession subject to the dominion of the United States, depositions shall be
initiated by an oath or affirmation administered to the deponent by an officer authorized
to administer oaths by the laws of the United States or of the place where the examination
is held, or by a person specially appointed by the court in which the action is pending.
(b) In Foreign Countries. In a foreign country, depositions may be taken: (1) on
notice before a person authorized to administer oaths in the place in which the
examination is held, either by the law thereof or by the law of the United States, or (2)
before a person commissioned by the court, and a person so commissioned shall have the
power by virtue of his commission to administer any necessary oath and take testimony,
or (3) pursuant to a letter rogatory. A commission or a letter rogatory shall be issued on
application and notice and on terms that are just and appropriate. It is not requisite to the
issuance of a commission or a letter rogatory that the taking of the deposition in any other
manner is impracticable or inconvenient; and both a commission and a letter rogatory may
be issued in proper cases. A notice or commission may designate the person before
whom the deposition is to be taken either by name or descriptive title. A letter rogatory
may be addressed To the Appropriate Authority in (here name the country). Evidence
obtained in response to a letter rogatory need not be excluded merely for the reason that it
is not a verbatim transcript or that the testimony was not taken under oath or for any
similar departure from the requirements for depositions taken within the United States
under these rules.
(c) Disqualification for Interest. No deposition shall be taken before a person
who is a relative or employee or attorney or counsel of any of the parties, or is a relative
or employee of such attorney or counsel, or is financially interested in the action.
77
RULE 29. STIPULATIONS REGARDING
DISCOVERY PROCEDURE
Unless the court orders otherwise, the parties may by written stipulation (1)
provide that depositions may be taken before any person, at any time or place, upon any
notice, and in any manner and when so taken may be used like other depositions, and (2)
modify the procedures provided by these rules for other methods of discovery, except that
stipulations extending the time for any form of discovery must have court approval if
extension would interfere with the time set for completing discovery, for hearing a
motion, or for trial.
[Amended effective October 7, 2021.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective October 7, 2021, M.R.C.P. 29 was amended so as to authorize the parties
to stipulate to extensions of time for any form of discovery without court approval unless
such extension would interfere with a court-ordered discovery deadline, a hearing date, or
trial.
78
RULE 30. DEPOSITIONS UPON ORAL EXAMINATION
(a) When Depositions May Be Taken. After commencement of the action, any
party may take the testimony of any person, including a party, by deposition upon oral
examination. Leave of court, granted with or without notice, must be obtained only if the
plaintiff seeks to take a deposition prior to the expiration of thirty days after service of the
summons upon any defendant, except that leave is not required (1) if a defendant has
served a notice of taking deposition or otherwise sought discovery, or (2) if special notice
is given under subsection (b)(2) of this rule. The attendance of witnesses may be
compelled by subpoena. The deposition of a person confined in prison may be taken only
by leave of court on such terms as the court prescribes.
(b) Notice of Examination: General Requirements; Special Notice;
Non-Stenographic Recording; Production of Documents and Things; Deposition of
Organization.
(1) A party desiring to take the deposition of any person upon oral examination
shall give reasonable notice in writing to every other party to the action. The notice shall
state the time and place for taking the deposition and the name and address of each person
to be examined, if known, and, if the name is not known, a general description sufficient
to identify him or the particular class or group to which he belongs. If a subpoena duces
tecum is to be served on the person to be examined, the designation of the materials to be
produced as set forth in the subpoena shall be attached to or included in the notice. A
notice may provide for the taking of testimony by telephone. If necessary, however, to
assure a full right of examination of any deponent, the court in which the action is
pending may, on motion of any party, require that the deposition be taken in the presence
of the deponent.
(2) Leave of court is not required for the taking of a deposition by plaintiff if the
notice: (A) states that the person to be examined is about to go out of the state and will be
unavailable for examination unless his deposition is taken before expiration of the
thirty-day period, and (B) sets forth facts to support the statement. The plaintiff’s
attorney shall sign the notice, and his signature constitutes a certification by him that to
the best of his knowledge, information, and belief the statement and supporting facts are
true.
If a party shows that when he was served with notice under this subsection (b)(2)
he was unable through the exercise of diligence to obtain counsel to represent him at the
taking of the deposition, the deposition may not be used against him.
79
(3) The court may for cause shown enlarge or shorten the time for taking the
deposition.
(4) The notice of deposition required under (1) of this subsection (b) may provide
that the testimony be recorded by other than stenographic means, in which event the
notice shall designate the manner of recording and preserving the deposition. A court
may require that the deposition be taken by stenographic means if necessary to assure that
the recording be accurate. A motion by a party for such an order shall be addressed to the
court in which the action in pending; a motion by a witness for such an order may be
addressed to the court in the district where the deposition is taken.
(5) The notice to a party deponent may be accompanied by a request made in
compliance with Rule 34 for the production of documents and tangible things at the
taking of the deposition. The procedure of Rule 34 shall apply to the request.
(6) A party may in his notice and in a subpoena name as the deponent a public or
private corporation or a partnership or association or governmental agency and describe
with reasonable particularity the matters on which examination is requested. In that
event, the organization so named shall designate one or more officers, directors, or
managing agents, or other persons who consent to testify on its behalf, and may set forth,
for each person designated, the matters on which he will testify. A subpoena shall advise
a non-party organization of its duty to make such a designation. The persons so
designated shall testify as to matters known or reasonably available to the organization.
This subsection (b)(6) does not preclude taking a deposition by any other procedure
authorized in these rules.
(7) For purposes of this Rule, and Rules 28(a), 37(a)(1), 37(b)(1), and 45(b), a
deposition shall be deemed to be taken in the county where the deponent is physically
present to answer questions propounded to him.
(c) Examination and Cross-Examination; Record of Examination; Objections.
Examination and cross-examination of witnesses may proceed as permitted at the trial.
The testimony of the witness shall be recorded either stenographically or as provided in
subsection (b)(4) of this rule. If requested by one of the parties, the testimony shall be
transcribed upon the payment of the reasonable charges therefor. All objections made at
the time of the examination to the qualifications of the person taking the deposition, or to
the manner of taking it, or to the evidence presented, or to the conduct of any party, and
any other objection to the proceedings, shall be noted upon the transcription or recording.
Evidence objected to shall be taken subject to the objections. An objection must be stated
concisely and in a nonargumentative and nonsuggestive manner. A person may instruct a
80
deponent not to answer only when necessary to preserve a privilege, to enforce a
limitation ordered by the court, or to present a motion to limit or terminate the deposition
under M.R.C.P. 30(d). In lieu of participating in the oral examination, parties may serve
written questions on the party taking the deposition, who shall propound them to the
witness and See that the answers thereto are recorded verbatim.
(d) Motion to Terminate or Limit Examination. At any time during the taking
of the deposition, on motion of a party or of the deponent and upon a showing that the
examination is being conducted in bad faith or in such manner as unreasonably to annoy,
embarrass, or oppress the deponent or party, the court in which the action is pending may
order the officer conducting the examination to cease forthwith from taking the
deposition or may limit the scope and manner of the taking of the deposition as provided
in Rule 26(d). If the order made terminates the examination, it shall be resumed
thereafter only upon the order of the court in which the action is pending. Upon demand
of the objecting party or deponent, the taking of the deposition shall be suspended for the
time necessary to make a motion for an order. Rule 37(a)(4) applies to the award of
expenses incurred in relation to the motion.
(e) Submission to Witness; Changes; Signing. When the testimony is taken by
stenographic means, or is recorded by other than stenographic means as provided in
subsection (b)(4) of this rule, and if the transcription or recording thereof is to be used at
any proceeding in the action, such transcription or recording shall be submitted to the
witness for examination, unless such examination is waived by the witness and by the
parties. Any changes in form or substance which the witness desires to make shall be
entered upon the transcription or stated in a writing to accompany the recording, together
with a statement of the reasons given by the witness for making them. Notice of such
changes and reasons shall promptly be served upon all parties by the party taking the
deposition. The transcription or recording shall then be affirmed in writing as correct by
the witness, unless the parties by stipulation waive the affirmation. If the transcription or
recording is not affirmed as correct by the witness within thirty days of its submission to
him, the reasons for the refusal shall be stated under penalty of perjury on the
transcription or in a writing to accompany the recording by the party desiring to use such
transcription or recording. The transcription or recording may then be used fully as
though affirmed in writing by the witness, unless on a motion to suppress under Rule
32(d)(4) the court holds that the reasons given for the refusal to affirm require rejection of
the deposition in whole or in part.
(f) Certification; Exhibits; Copies; Notice of Filing.
81
(1) When a deposition is stenographically taken, the stenographic reporter shall
certify, under penalty of perjury, on the transcript that the witness was sworn in his
presence and that the transcript is a true record of the testimony given by the witness.
When a deposition is recorded by other than stenographic means as provided in
subsection 30(b)(4) of this Rule, and thereafter transcribed, the person transcribing it shall
certify, under penalty of perjury, on the transcript that he heard the witness sworn on the
recording and that the transcript is a correct writing of the recording. A deposition so
certified shall be considered prima facie evidence of the testimony of the witness.
(2) Documents and things produced for inspection during the examination of the
witness, shall, upon the request of a party, be marked for identification and annexed to the
deposition, and may be inspected and copied by any party. Whenever the person
producing materials desires to retain the originals, he may substitute copies of the
originals, or afford each party an opportunity to make copies thereof. In the event the
original materials are retained by the person producing them, they shall be marked for
identification and the person producing them shall afford each party the subsequent
opportunity to compare any copy with the original. He shall also be required to retain the
original materials for subsequent use in any proceeding in the same action. Any party
may move for an order that the original be annexed to and returned with the deposition to
the court, pending final disposition of the case.
(3) Upon payment of reasonable charges therefor, the stenographic reporter, or in
the case of a deposition taken pursuant to subsection 30(b)(4) of this rule, the party taking
the deposition shall furnish a copy of the deposition to any party or to the deponent.
(4) If all or part of the deposition is filed with the court, the party making the filing
shall give prompt notice thereof to all other parties.
(g) Failure to Attend or to Serve Subpoena; Expenses.
(1) If the party giving the notice of the taking of a deposition fails to attend and
proceed therewith and another party attends in person or by attorney pursuant to the
notice, the court may order the party giving the notice to pay to such other party the
reasonable expenses incurred by him and his attorney in attending, including reasonable
attorney’s fees.
(2) If the party giving the notice of the taking of a deposition of a witness fails to
serve a subpoena upon him and the witness because of such failure does not attend, and if
another party attends in person or by attorney because he expects the deposition of that
witness to be taken, the court may order the party giving the notice to pay to such other
82
party the reasonable expenses incurred by him and his attorney in attending, including
reasonable attorney’s fees.
(h) Expenses Generally Not Treated as Court Costs. No part of the expenses of
taking depositions, other than the serving of subpoenas, shall be adjudged, assessed or
taxed as court costs.
[Amended effective March 1, 1989; July 1, 1997; October 7, 2021.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1997, Rule 30(b)(7) was amended to correct the reference to Rule
45. 689-692 So. 2d XLIX (West Miss. Cas. 1997).
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 30 was amended to abrogate the requirement that the
party taking a deposition out of state pay certain expenses of the other party incident thereto.
536-538 So. 2d XXV (West Miss. Cas. 1989).
Effective October 7, 2021, M.R.C.P. 30(c) was amended to require that obiections be
stated concisely and non-argumentatively and to specify the limited instances in which a
deponent may be instructed not to answer a question.
[Amended effective July 1, 1997; October 7, 2021.]
83
RULE 31. DEPOSITIONS UPON WRITTEN QUESTIONS
(a) Serving Questions; Notice. After commencement of the action, any party may
take the testimony of any person, including a party, by deposition upon written questions.
The attendance of witnesses may be compelled by the use of subpoena as provided by law.
The deposition of a person confined in prison may be taken only by leave of court on such
terms as the court prescribes.
A party desiring to take a deposition upon written questions shall serve them upon
every other party with a notice stating (1) the name and address of the person who is to
answer them, if known, and if the name is not known, a general description sufficient to
identify him or the particular class or group to which he belongs, and (2) the name or
descriptive title and address of the officer before whom the deposition is to be taken. A
deposition upon written questions may be taken of a public or private corporation or a
partnership or association or governmental agency in accordance with Rule 30(b)(6).
Within thirty days after the notice and written questions are served, a party may serve
cross questions upon all other parties. Within ten days after being served with cross
questions, a party may serve redirect questions upon all other parties. Within ten days after
being served with redirect questions, a party may serve recross questions upon all other
parties. The court may for cause shown enlarge or shorten the time.
(b) Officer to Take Responses and Prepare Record. A copy of the notice and
copies of all questions served shall be delivered by the party taking the deposition to the
officer designated in the notice, who shall proceed promptly, in the manner provided by Rule
30(c), (e), and (f), to take the testimony of the witness in response to the questions and to
prepare, certify, and file or mail the deposition, attaching, thereto the copy of the notice and
the questions received by him.
84
RULE 32. USE OF DEPOSITIONS IN COURT PROCEEDINGS
(a) Use of Depositions. At the trial or upon the hearing of a motion of an
interlocutory proceeding, any part or all of a deposition, so far as admissible under the rules
of evidence applied as though the witness were then present and testifying, may be used
against any party who was present or represented at the taking of the deposition or who had
reasonable notice thereof, in accordance with any of the following provisions:
(1) Any deposition may be used by any party for the purpose of contradicting or
impeaching the testimony of deponent as a witness, or for any other purpose permitted by the
Mississippi Rules of Evidence.
(2) The deposition of a party or of anyone who at the time of taking the deposition was
an officer, director, or managing agent, or a person designated under Rule 30(b)(6) or 31(a)
to testify on behalf of a public or private corporation, partnership or association or
governmental agency which is a party, may be used by an adverse party for any purpose.
(3) The deposition of a witness, whether or not a party, may be used by any party for
any purpose if the court finds: (A) that the witness is dead; or (B) that the witness is at a
greater distance than one hundred miles from the place of trial or hearing, or is out of the
state, unless it appears that the absence of the witness was procured by the party offering the
deposition; or (C) that the witness is unable to attend or testify because of age, illness,
infirmity, or imprisonment; or (D) that the party offering the deposition has been unable to
procure the attendance of the witness by subpoena; or (E) that the witness is a medical doctor
or (F) upon application and notice, that such exceptional circumstances exist as to make it
desirable, in the interest of justice and with due regard to the importance of presenting the
testimony of witnesses orally in open court, to allow the deposition to be so used.
(4) If only part of a deposition is offered in evidence by a party, an adverse party may
require him to introduce any other part which ought in fairness to be considered with the part
introduced, and any party may introduce any other parts.
Substitution of parties does not affect the right to use depositions previously taken;
and, when an action in any court has been dismissed and another action involving the same
subject matter is afterward brought between the same parties or their representatives or
successors in interest, all depositions lawfully taken and duly filed in the former action may
be used in the latter as if originally taken therefor. A deposition previously taken may also
be used as permitted by the Mississippi Rules of Evidence.
85
(b) Objections to Admissibility. Subject to the provisions of Rule 28(b) and
subsection (d)(3) of this rule, objection may be made at the trial or hearing to receive in
evidence any deposition or part thereof for any reason which would require the exclusion of
the evidence if the witness were then present and testifying.
[Amended effective October 21, 1999.]
(c) [Abrogated].
(d) Effect of Errors and Irregularities in Depositions.
(1) As to Notice. All errors and irregularities in the notice for taking a deposition are
waived unless written objection is promptly served upon the party giving the notice.
(2) As to Disqualification of Officer. Objection to taking a deposition because of
disqualification of the officer before whom it is to be taken is waived unless made before the
taking of the deposition begins or as soon thereafter as the disqualification becomes known
or could be discovered with reasonable diligence.
(3) As to Taking of Deposition.
(A) Objections to the competency of a witness or to the competency, relevancy,
or materiality of testimony are not waived by failure to make them before or during
the taking of the deposition, unless the ground of the objection is one which might
have been obviated or removed if presented at that time.
(B) Errors and irregularities occurring at the oral examination in the manner of
taking the deposition, in the form of the questions or answers, in the oath or
affirmation, or in the conduct of the parties, and errors of any kind which might be
obviated, removed, or cured if promptly presented, are waived unless seasonable
objection thereof is made at the taking of the deposition.
(C) Objections to the form of written questions submitted under Rule 31 are
waived unless served in writing upon the party propounding them within the time
allowed for serving the succeeding cross or other questions and within five days after
service of the last questions authorized.
(4) As to Completion and Return of Deposition. Errors and irregularities in the
manner in which the testimony is transcribed or the deposition is prepared, signed, certified,
86
sealed, endorsed, transmitted, filed, or otherwise dealt with by the officer under Rules 30 and
31 are waived unless a motion to suppress the deposition or some part thereof is made with
reasonable promptness after such defect is, or with due diligence might have been,
ascertained.
[Amended effective January 10, 1986; March 1, 1989.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 32 was amended by providing that the deposition of
a medical doctor may be used by any party for any purpose. 536-538 So. 2d XXV (West
Miss. Cas. 1989).
Effective January 10, 1986, Rule 32 was amended by deleting references to the
Mississippi Rules of Evidence; and Rule 32(c) [Effect of Taking or Using Depositions] was
abrogated. 478-481 So. 2d XXIII (West Miss. Cas. 1986).
Advisory Committee Notes
M.R.E. 801(d)(1)(A) defines a prior inconsistent statement given under oath as non-
hearsay. M.R.E. 801(d)(1)(A) applies when a witness testifies at trial in a manner that is
inconsistent with a previous sworn statement. The previous sworn statement, which may have
been made during a deposition, is non-hearsay, and is admissible at trial, assuming no other
evidentiary rule bars its introduction. See Craft v. State, 656 So. 2d 1156, 1164 (Miss. 1995).
M.R.E. 804(b)(1) permits the introduction of deposition testimony by a witness who
is unavailable at trial. Though the deposition of the unavailable witness need not have been
taken in the same proceeding as that in which it is offered, the party against whom the
deposition testimony is being offered, must have had an opportunity and similar motive to
develop the testimony. See Naylor v. State, 759 So. 2d 406, 410-11 (Miss. 2000).
If a deposition is offered into evidence at trial, the offering party’s attorney is
responsible for providing the court with a written transcript of the deposition. In addition, if
an audio or video recording of the deposition is played for the jury at trial, the offering party
must also provide the court with a true and correct copy of such audio or video recording. If
the entire deposition is not admitted into evidence, the attorneys for both parties should
ensure that the court reporter is given an accurate record indicating the specific portions of
the deposition that are introduced into evidence at trial. Such record should refer to the page
and line numbers of the written transcript of the deposition. In addition, the attorneys for both
87
parties should ensure that the court reporter complies with M.R.A.P. Appendix III, governing
the manner in which trial transcripts are to be prepared and filed.
A deposition admissible pursuant to M.R.C.P. 32 does not have to meet the
requirements for admissibility pursuant to M.R.E. 804.
[Advisory Committee Note adopted effective July 1, 2014; amended effective January 16,
2020.]
88
RULE 33. INTERROGATORIES TO PARTIES
(a) Availability; Procedures for Use. Any party may serve as a matter of right upon
any other party written interrogatories not to exceed thirty in number to be answered by the
party served or, if the party served is a public or private corporation or a partnership or
association or governmental agency, by any officer or agent, who shall furnish such
information as is available to the party. Each interrogatory shall consist of a single question.
Interrogatories may, without leave of court, be served upon the plaintiff after commencement
of the action and upon any other party with or after service of the summons and complaint
upon that party. Leave of court, to be granted upon a showing of necessity, shall be required
to serve in excess of thirty interrogatories.
(b) Answers and Objections
(1) Each interrogatory shall be answered separately and fully in writing under oath,
unless it is objected to, in which event the objecting party shall state the reasons for the
objection and shall answer to the extent the interrogatory is not objectionable.
(2) The answers are to be signed by the person making them, and the objections
signed by the attorney making them.
(3) The party upon whom the interrogatories have been served shall serve a copy of
the answers, and objections if any, within thirty days after the service of the interrogatories,
except that a defendant may serve answers or objections within forty-five days after service
of the summons and complaint upon that defendant. The court may allow a shorter or longer
time.
(4) All grounds for an objection to an interrogatory shall be stated with specificity.
Any ground not stated in a timely objection is waived unless the party’s failure to object is
excused by the court for good cause shown.
(5) The party submitting the interrogatories may move for an order under Rule 37
(a) with respect to any objection to or other failure to answer an interrogatory.
(c) Scope; Use at Trial. Interrogatories may relate to any matters which can be
inquired into under Rule 26(b), and the answers may be used to the extent permitted by the
rules of evidence.
An interrogatory otherwise proper is not necessarily objectionable merely because an
answer to the interrogatory involves an opinion or contention that relates to fact or the
89
application of law to fact, but the court may order that such an interrogatory need not be
answered until after designated discovery has been completed or until a pre-trial conference
or other later time.
(d) Option to Produce Business Records. Where the answer to an interrogatory may
be derived or ascertained from the business records of the party upon whom the interrogatory
has been served or from an examination, audit, or inspection of such business records, or
from a compilation, abstract, or summary based thereon, and the burden of deriving or
ascertaining the answer is substantially the same for the party serving the interrogatory as for
the party served, it is a sufficient answer to such interrogatory to specify the records from
which the answer may be derived or ascertained in sufficient detail to enable the
interrogating party to locate and identify them as readily as the responding party could and
to afford to the party serving the interrogatory reasonable opportunity to examine, audit, or
inspect such records and to make copies, compilations, abstracts, or summaries. The
specification provided shall include sufficient detail to permit the interrogating party to
identify readily the individual documents from which the answer may be ascertained.
[Amended effective April 13, 2000; October 11, 2021.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective April 13, 2000, Rule 33 was amended to require parties to produce all
nonobjectionable information and to clearly state the ground for objection to each
interrogatory. 753-754 So. 2d XVII (West Miss.Cas. 2000).
Effective October 11, 2021, Rule 33(d) was amended to require a party who chooses
to respond to an interrogatory by producing business records to specify the records from
which each response may be ascertained in sufficient detail so that the requesting party may
locate and identify the records as readily as the responding party could.
Advisory Committee Notes
The thirty interrogatories permitted as a matter of right are to be computed by
counting each distinct question as one of the thirty, even if labeled a sub-part, subsection,
threshold question, or the like. In areas well suited to non-abusive exploration by
interrogatory, such as inquiries into the names and locations of witnesses, or the existence,
location, and custodians of documents or physical evidence, greater leniency may be
appropriate in construing several questions as one interrogatory.
90
Rule 33(b)(4) requires that the grounds for any objection be stated with specificity.
“‘General objections’ applicable to each and every interrogatory…are clearly outside the
bounds of this rule.” See Ford Motor Co. v. Tennin, 960 So. 2d 379 (Miss. 2007). If an
interrogatory is only partially objectionable, the responding party shall clearly indicate the
extent to which the interrogatory is objectionable and the basis for the partial objection. The
responding party must also fully respond to the extent the interrogatory is not objectionable.
If, for example, an interrogatory seeking information about 30 facilities is deemed
objectionable, but an interrogatory seeking information about 10 facilities would not have
been objectionable, the interrogatory should be answered with respect to the 10 facilities, and
the grounds for the objection to providing the information with respect to the remaining
facilities should be stated specifically.
91
RULE 34. PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS AND THINGS
AND ENTRY UPON LAND FOR INSPECTION AND
OTHER PURPOSES
(a) Scope. Any party may serve on any other party a request (1) to produce and permit
the party making the request, or someone acting on his behalf, to inspect and copy, any
designated documents or electronically stored information (including writings, drawings,
graphs, charts, photographs, phono-records, and other data compilations from which
information can be obtained, translated, if necessary, by the respondent through detection
devices into reasonably useable form), or to inspect and copy, test, or sample any tangible
things which constitute or contain matters within the scope of Rule 26(b) and which are in
the possession, custody, or control of the party upon whom the request is served; or (2) to
permit entry upon designated land or other property in the possession or control of the party
upon whom the request is served for the purpose of inspection and measuring, surveying,
photographing, testing, or sampling the property or any designated object or operation
thereon, within the scope of Rule 26 (b).
(b) Procedure.
(i) Requests. The request may, without leave of court, be served upon the plaintiff
after commencement of the action and upon any other party with or after service of the
summons and complaint upon that party. The request shall set forth the items to be inspected
either by individual item or by category, and describe each item and category with reasonable
particularity. The request shall specify a reasonable time, place, and manner of making the
inspection and performing the related acts. The request may specify the form or forms in
which electronically stored information is to be produced.
(ii) Responses and Objections.
(A) Time to Respond. The party upon whom the request is served shall serve
a written response within thirty days after the service of the request, except that
a defendant may serve a response within forty-five days after service of the
summons and complaint upon that defendant. The court may allow a shorter or
longer time.
(B) Responding to Each Item. The response shall state, with respect to each
item or category, that inspection and related activities will be permitted as
requested, unless the request is objected to, in which event the grounds for
objection shall be stated with specificity, including the reasons. The responding
party may state that it will produce copies of documents or of electronically
92
stored information instead of permitting inspection. The production must then be
completed no later than the time for inspection specified in the request or another
reasonable time specified in the response.
(C) Objections. An objection must state whether any responsive materials
are being withheld on the basis of the objection. An objection to a part of a
request must specify the part and permit inspection of the rest.
(D) Responding to a Request for Production of Electronically Stored
Information. The response may state an objection to a requested form for
producing electronically stored information. If the responding party objects to a
requested form - or if no form was specified in the request - the responding party
must state the form or forms it intends to use. Pursuant to Rule 26(b)(5), a
responding party may also object to production of electronically stored
information that is not reasonably accessible because of undue burden or cost.
(E) Producing the Documents or Electronically Stored Information. When
producing documents, the producing party shall produce them as they are kept in
the usual course of business or shall organize and label them to correspond with
the categories in the request that call for their production. If a request does not
specify a form for producing electronically stored information, a party must
produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained or in a
reasonably usable form or forms. A party need not produce the same
electronically stored information in more than one form.
(F) Motion to Compel. The party submitting the request may move for an
order to compel discovery under Rule 37(a) with respect to any objection to or
other failure to respond to the request or any part thereof, or any failure to permit
inspection as requested.
(c) Persons Not Parties. As provided in Rule 45, a party may compel a nonparty to
produce documents and tangible things or to permit inspection.
[Amended effective July 1, 2013, to address production of electronically stored information;
amended effective October 7, 2021.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 2013, MRCP 34 was amended to specifically authorize a party to
request any other party to produce electronically stored information. The amendment
93
established the procedure for requesting production of electronically stored information and
the procedure for objecting to such a request.
Effective October 7, 2021, M.R.C.P. 34 was amended. M.R.C.P. 34(b) was subdivided
and captions were added. In addition, the amendment requires an objecting party to state the
objection with specificity, including the reasons for the objection, and to indicate whether
any materials are being withheld based upon the objection. M.R.C.P. 34(c) was amended to
include a reference to M.R.C.P. 45.
94
RULE 35. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL EXAMINATION OF PERSONS
(a) Order for Examination.
When the mental or physical condition (including the blood group) of a party or of a
person in the custody or under the legal control of a party is in controversy, the court in
which the action is pending may order the party to submit to a physical or mental
examination by a suitably licensed or certified examiner or to produce for examination the
person in the party’s custody or legal control. The order may be made only on motion for
good cause shown and upon notice to the person to be examined and to all parties and shall
specify the time, place, manner, conditions, and scope of the examination and the person or
persons by whom it is to be made. A party or person may not be required to travel an
unreasonable distance for an examination. The party requesting the examination shall pay
the examiner and shall advance all necessary expenses to be incurred by the party or person
in complying with the order.
(b) Report of Examiner.
(1) If requested by the party against whom an order is made under Rule 35(a) or the
person examined, the party causing the examination to be made shall deliver to the requesting
party a copy of the detailed written report of the examiner setting out the examiner’s findings,
including results of all tests made, diagnoses and conclusions, together with like reports of
all earlier examinations of the same condition. After delivery the party causing the
examination shall be entitled upon request to receive from the party against whom the order
is made a like report of any examination, previously or thereafter made, of the same condition
unless, in the case of a report of examination of a person not a party, the party shows that the
party is unable to obtain it. The court on motion may make an order against a party requiring
delivery of a report on such terms as are just, and if an examiner fails or refuses to make a
report the court may exclude the examiner’s testimony if offered at trial.
(2) By requesting and obtaining a report of the examination so ordered or by taking
the deposition of the examiner, the party examined waives any privilege the party may have
in that action or any other involving the same controversy, regarding the testimony of every
other person who has examined or may thereafter examine the party in respect of the same
mental or physical condition.
(3) This subdivision applies to examinations made by agreement of the parties, unless
the agreement expressly provides otherwise. This subdivision does not preclude discovery
of a report of an examiner or the taking of a deposition of the examiner in accordance with
95
the provisions of any other rule.
(c) Limited Applicability to Actions Under Title 93 of the Mississippi Code of
1972. This rule does not apply to actions under Title 93 of the Mississippi Code of 1972,
except in the discretion of the Chancery Judge.
[Adopted effective January 16, 2003. ]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective January 16, 2003, Rule 35 was adopted to allow a court to order a physical
or mental examination of a person for good cause on motion. So.2d (West Miss.
Cases ).
96
RULE 36. REQUESTS FOR ADMISSION
(a) Request for Admission. A party may serve upon any other party a written request
for the admission, for purposes of the pending action only, of the truth of any matters within
the scope of Rule 26(b) set forth in the request that relate to statements or opinions of fact
or of the application of law to fact, including the genuineness of any documents described
in the request. Copies of documents shall be served with the request unless they have been
or are otherwise furnished or made available for inspection and copying. The request may,
without leave of court, be served upon the plaintiff after commencement of the action and
upon any other party with or after service of the summons upon that party.
Each matter of which an admission is requested shall be separately set forth. The
matter is admitted unless, within thirty days after service of the request, or within such
shorter or longer time as the court may allow, the party to whom the request is directed serves
upon the party requesting the admission a written answer or objection addressed to the
matter, signed by the party or by his attorney, but, unless the court shortens the time, a
defendant shall not be required to serve answers or objections before the expiration of
forty-five days after service of the summons upon him. If objection is made, the reasons
therefor shall be stated. The answer shall specifically deny the matter or set forth in detail
the reasons why the answering party cannot truthfully admit or deny the matter. A denial
shall fairly meet the substance of the requested admission, and when good faith requires that
a party qualify his answer or deny only a part of the matter of which an admission is
requested, he shall specify so much of it as is true and qualify or deny the remainder. An
answering party may not give lack of information or knowledge as a reason for failure to
admit or deny unless he states that he has made reasonable inquiry and that the information
known or readily obtainable by him is insufficient to enable him to admit or deny. A party
who considers that a matter of which an admission has been requested presents a genuine
issue for trial may not, on that ground alone, object to the request; he may, subject to Rule
37(c), deny the matter or set forth reasons why he cannot admit or deny it.
The party who has requested the admissions may move to determine the sufficiency
of the answers or objections. Unless the court determines that an objection is justified, it
shall order that an answer be served. If the court determines that an answer does not comply
with the requirements of this section, it may order either that the matter is admitted or that
an amended answer be served. The court may, in lieu of these orders, determine that final
disposition of the request be made at a pre-trial conference or at a designated time prior to
trial. Rule 37(a)(4) applies to the award of expenses incurred in relation to the motion.
(b) Effect of Admission. Any matter admitted under this rule is conclusively
established unless the court on motion permits withdrawal or amendment of the admission.
97
Subject to the provisions governing amendment of a pre-trial order, the court may permit
withdrawal or amendment when the presentation of the merits of the action will be subserved
thereby and the party who obtained the admission fails to satisfy the court that withdrawal
or amendment will prejudice him in maintaining his action or defense on the merits. Any
admission made by a party under this rule is for the purpose of the pending action only and
is not an admission by him for any other purpose nor may it be used against him in any other
proceeding.
Advisory Committee Notes
The purpose of Rule 36 is to identify and establish facts that are not in dispute.
DeBlanc v. Stancil, 814 So. 2d 796, 802 (Miss. 2002). “[T]he requests must be reasonable
and must be unambiguous. A request is ambiguous if the request is subject to more than one
reasonable interpretation. The purpose of requests for admissions is to narrow and define
issues for trial.” See Haley v. Harbin, 933 So. 2d 261, 262-63 (Miss. 2005). “Requests for
admissions ‘should not be of such great number and broad scope as to cover all the issues
[even] of a complex case, and [o]bviously…should not be sought in an attempt to harass an
opposing party.’” See Haley, 933 So. 2d at 263.
Rule 36 will be enforced according to its terms; matters admitted or deemed admitted
upon the responding party’s failure to timely respond are conclusively established unless the
court, within its discretion, grants a motion to amend or withdraw the admission. “Any
admission that is not amended or withdrawn cannot be rebutted by contrary testimony or
ignored by the court even if the party against whom it is directed offers more credible
evidence.” DeBlanc, 814 So. 2d at 801 (citing 7 James W. Moore, et al., Moore’s Federal
Practice ¶36.03[2], at 36 (3d ed. 2001)). However, in the matter of child custody, the trial
court may, as justice requires, allow the withdrawal of the issue admitted. Gilcrease v.
Gilcrease, 918 So. 2d 854 (Miss. Ct. App. 2005).
The rule sets out a two-pronged test that trial courts may use when determining
whether to grant a motion to withdraw or amend an admission. Courts may consider whether
“presentation of the merits…will be subserved [by amendment or withdrawal] and whether
the party who obtained the admission has satisfied the court that withdrawal or amendment
would prejudice him or her…. [A] trial court ‘may,’ but is not required to, consider the two-
pronged test in denying a motion to withdraw or amend.” See Young v. Smith, 67 So. 3d 732,
740 (Miss. 2011).
Generally, a party has no knowledge concerning the authenticity or admissibility of
the opposing party’s medical records and, therefore, has no obligation to admit the
authenticity or admissibility of such documents absent proper authentication of such records
98
in accordance with M.R.E. 901 or 902 and proper demonstration that such records are records
of regularly conducted activity pursuant to M.R.E. 803(6). See Rhoda v. Weathers, 87 So. 3d
1036 (Miss. 2012).
99
RULE 37. FAILURE TO MAKE OR COOPERATE IN
DISCOVERY: SANCTIONS
(a) Motion for Order Compelling Discovery. A party, upon reasonable notice to
other parties and all persons affected thereby, may apply for an order compelling discovery
as follows:
(1) Appropriate Court. An application for an order may be made to the court in
which the action is pending.
(2) Motion. If a deponent fails to answer a question propounded or submitted under
Rules 30 or 31, or a corporation or other entity fails to make a designation under Rules
30(b)(6) or 31(a), or a party fails to answer an interrogatory submitted under Rule 33, or if
a party, in response to a request for inspection submitted under Rule 34, fails to respond that
inspection will be permitted as requested or fails to permit inspection as requested, the
discovering party may move for an order compelling an answer, or a designation, or an order
compelling inspection in accordance with the request. When taking a deposition on oral
examination, the proponent of the question may complete or adjourn the examination before
he applies for an order.
If the court denies the motion in whole or in part, it may make such protective order
as it would have been empowered to make on a motion made pursuant to Rule 26(d).
(3) Evasive or Incomplete Answer. For purposes of this section, an evasive or
incomplete answer is to be treated as a failure to answer.
(4) Award of Expenses of Motion. If the motion is granted, the court shall, after
opportunity for hearing, require the party or deponent whose conduct necessitated the motion
or the party or attorney advising such conduct or both of them to pay to the moving party the
reasonable expenses incurred in obtaining the order, including attorney’s fees, unless the
court finds that the opposition to the motion was substantially justified or that other
circumstances make an award of expenses unjust.
If the motion is denied, the court shall, after opportunity for hearing, require the
moving party of the attorney advising the motion or both of them to pay to the party or
deponent who opposed the motion the reasonable expenses incurred in opposing the motion,
including attorney’s fees, unless the court finds that the making of the motion was
substantially justified or that other circumstances make an award of expense unjust.
100
If the motion is granted in part and denied in part, the court may apportion the
reasonable expenses incurred in relation to the motion among the parties and persons in a just
manner.
(b) Failure to Comply With Order.
(1) Sanctions by Court. If a deponent fails to be sworn or to answer a question after
being directed to do so by the court, the failure may be considered a contempt of court.
(2) Sanctions by Court in Which Action Is Pending. If a party or an officer, director,
or managing agent of a party or a person designated under Rules 30(b)(6) or 31(a) to testify
in behalf of a party fails to obey an order to provide or permit discovery, including an order
made under subsection (a) of this rule, the court in which the action is pending may make
such orders in regard to the failure as are just, and among others the following:
(A) an order that the matters regarding which the order was made or any other
designated facts shall be taken to be established for the purposes of the action in
accordance with the claim of the party obtaining the order;
(B) an order refusing to allow the disobedient party to support or oppose
designated claims or defenses, or prohibiting him from introducing designated matters
in evidence;
(C) an order striking out pleadings or parts thereof, or staying further proceedings
until the order is obeyed, or dismissing the action or proceeding or any part thereof,
or rendering a judgment by default against the disobedient party;
(D) in lieu of any of the foregoing orders or in addition thereto, an order treating
as a contempt of court the failure to obey any orders.
In lieu of any of the foregoing orders or in addition, thereto, the court shall require the
party failing to obey the order or the attorney advising him or both to pay the reasonable
expenses, including attorney’s fees, caused by the failure, unless the court finds that the
failure was substantially justified or that other circumstances make an award of expenses
unjust.
(c) Expenses on Failure to Admit. If a party fails to admit the genuineness of any
document or the truth of any matter as requested under Rule 36, and if the party requesting
the admissions thereafter proves the genuineness of the document or the truth of the matter,
he may apply to the court for an order requiring the other party to pay him the reasonable
101
expenses incurred in making that proof, including reasonable attorney’s fees. The court shall
make the order unless it finds that (1) the request was held objectionable under Rule 36(a),
or (2) the admission sought was of no substantial importance, or (3) the party failing to admit
had reasonable ground to believe that he might prevail on the matter, or (4) there was other
good reason for the failure to admit.
(d) Failure of Party to Attend at Own Deposition or Serve Answers to
Interrogatories or Respond to Request for Inspection. If a party or an officer, director,
or managing agent of a party or a person designated under Rules 30(b)(6) or 31(a) to testify
on behalf of a party fails (1) to appear before the officer who is to take his deposition, after
being served with a proper notice, or (2) to serve answers or objections to interrogatories
submitted under Rule 33, after proper service of interrogatories, or (3) to serve a written
response to a request for inspection submitted under Rule 34, after proper service of the
request, the court in which the action is pending on motion may make such orders in regard
to the failure as are just, and among others it may take any action authorized under
subsections (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (b)(2) of this rule. In lieu of any order or in
addition thereto, the court shall require the party failing to act or the attorney advising him
or both to pay the reasonable expenses, including attorney’s fees, caused by the failure,
unless the court finds that the failure was substantially justified or that other circumstances
make an award of expenses unjust.
The failure to act described in this subsection may not be excused on the ground that
the discovery sought is objectionable unless the party failing to act has applied for a
protective order under Rule 26(d).
(e) Additional Sanctions. In addition to the application of those sanctions, specified
in Rule 26(d) and other provisions of this rule, the court may impose upon any party or
counsel such sanctions as may be just, including the payment of reasonable expenses and
attorneys’ fees, if any party or counsel (i) fails without good cause to cooperate in the
framing of an appropriate discovery plan by agreement under Rule 26(c), or (ii) otherwise
abuses the discovery process in seeking, making or resisting discovery.
102
CHAPTER VI. TRIALS
RULE 38. JURY TRIAL OF RIGHT
(a) Right Preserved. The right of trial by jury as declared by the Constitution or any
statute of the State of Mississippi shall be preserved to the parties inviolate.
(b) Waiver of Jury Trial. Parties to an action may waive their rights to a jury trial
by filing with the court a specific, written stipulation that the right has been waived and
requesting that the action be tried by the court. The court may, in its discretion, require that
the action be tried by a jury notwithstanding the stipulation of waiver.
103
RULE 39. TRIAL BY JURY OR BY THE COURT [OMITTED]
RULE 40. ASSIGNMENT OF CASES FOR TRIAL
(a) Methods. Courts shall provide for placing of actions upon the trial calendar
(1) without request of the parties; or
(2) upon request of a party and notice to the other parties; or,
(3) in such other manner as the court deems expedient.
Prior to the calling of a case for trial, the parties shall be afforded ample opportunity,
in the sound discretion of the court, for completion of discovery.
(b) Notice. The court shall provide by written direction to the clerk when a trial
docket will be set. The clerk shall at least five (5) days prior to the date on which the trial
docket will be set notify all attorneys and parties without attorneys having cases upon the trial
calendar of the time, place, and date when said docket shall be set. All cases shall be set on
the trial docket at least twenty (20) days before the date set for trial unless a shorter period
is agreed upon by all parties or is available under Rule 55. The trial docket shall be prepared
by the clerk at the time actions are set for trial and shall state the case to be tried, the date of
trial, the attorneys of record in the case, and the place of trial. Additionally, said trial docket
shall reflect such attorneys of record and parties representing themselves as were present
personally or by designee when the trial docket was set. The clerk shall within three (3) days
after a case has been placed on the trial docket notify all parties who were not present
personally or by their attorney of record at the docket setting as to their trial setting. Notice
shall be by personal delivery or by mailing of a notice within said three (3) day period.
Matters in which a defendant is summoned to appear and defend at a time and place certain
pursuant to Rule 81 or in which a date, time and place for trial have been previously set shall
not be governed by this rule.
(c) Trial by Agreement. Parties, including those who are in a representative or
fiduciary capacity, may waive any waiting period imposed by these rules or statute and agree
to a time and place for trial.
[Amended effective July 1, 1986; September 1, 1987; March 1, 1989.]
104
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 40(a) was amended by abrogating reference to local
rules. 536-538 So. 2d XXX (West Miss. Cas. 1989).
Effective September 1, 1987, Rule 40 was amended by adding subsection (c)
providing for the scheduling of trials by agreement of the parties. 508-511 So. 2d XXVIII
(West Miss. Cas. 1987).
Effective July 1, 1986, Rule 40(b) was amended by substantially rewriting it to shorten
the time period provided for giving interested attorneys and parties notice of the setting of
the trial docket; to provide for at least twenty days between the time of the setting of a case
on the docket and the time of the trial; to provide for certain information to be recorded on
the docket; and for other purposes. 486-490 So. 2d XXI (West Miss. Cas. 1986).
Advisory Committee Notes
The twenty-day waiting period is inapplicable to hearings conducted by the court in
connection with default judgments under Rule 55.
105
RULE 41. DISMISSAL OF ACTIONS
(a) Voluntary Dismissal Effect Thereof.
(1) By Plaintiff By Stipulation. Subject to the provisions of Rule 66, or of any statute
of the State of Mississippi, and upon the payment of all costs, an action may be dismissed by
the plaintiff without order of court:
(i) by filing a notice of dismissal at any time before service by the adverse party of
an answer or of a motion for summary judgment, whichever first occurs; or
(ii) by filing a stipulation of dismissal signed by all parties who have appeared in the
action.
Unless otherwise stated in the notice of dismissal or stipulation, the dismissal is
without prejudice.
(2) By Order of Court. Except as provided in paragraph (a)(1) of this rule, an action
shall not be dismissed at the plaintiff’s instance save upon order of the court and upon such
terms and conditions as the court deems proper. If a counter-claim has been pleaded by a
defendant prior to the service upon him of the plaintiff’s motion to dismiss, the action may
be dismissed but the counter-claim shall remain pending for adjudication by the court.
Unless otherwise specified in the order, a dismissal under this paragraph is without prejudice.
(b) Involuntary Dismissal: Effect Thereof. For failure of the plaintiff to prosecute
or to comply with these rules or any order of court, a defendant may move for dismissal of
an action or of any claim against him. After the plaintiff, in an action tried by the court
without a jury, has completed the presentation of his evidence, the defendant, without
waiving his right to offer evidence in the event the motion is not granted, may move for a
dismissal on the ground that upon the facts and the law the plaintiff has shown no right to
relief. The court may then render judgment against the plaintiff or may decline to render any
judgment until the close of all the evidence. If the court renders judgment on the merits
against the plaintiff, the court may make findings as provided in Rule 52(a). Unless the court
in its order for dismissal otherwise specifies, a dismissal under this subdivision and any other
dismissal not provided for in this rule, other than a dismissal for lack of jurisdiction, for
improper venue, or for failure to join a party under Rule 19, operates as an adjudication upon
the merits.
(c) Dismissal of Counter-claim, Cross-Claim or Third-Party Claim. The
provisions of this rule apply to the dismissal of any counter-claim, cross-claim, or third-party
106
claim. A voluntary dismissal by the claimant alone pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of this rule
shall be made before a responsive pleading is served or, if there is none, before the
introduction of evidence at the trial or hearing.
(d) Dismissal on Clerk’s Motion.
(1) Notice. In all civil actions wherein there has been no action of record during the
preceding twelve months, the clerk of the court shall mail notice to the attorneys of record
that such case will be dismissed by the court for want of prosecution unless within thirty days
following said mailing, action of record is taken or an application in writing is made to the
court and good cause shown why it should be continued as a pending case. If action of
record is not taken or good cause is not shown, the court shall dismiss each such case without
prejudice. The cost of filing such order of dismissal with the clerk shall not be assessed
against either party.
(2) Mailing Notice. The notice shall be mailed in every eligible case not later than
thirty days before June 15 and December 15 of each year, and all such cases shall be
presented to the court by the clerk for action therein on or before June 30 and December 31
of each year. These deadlines shall not be interpreted as a prohibition against mailing of
notice and dismissal thereon as cases may become eligible for dismissal under this rule. This
rule is not a limitation upon any other power that the court may have to dismiss any action
upon motion or otherwise.
(e) Cost of Previously Dismissed Action. If a plaintiff whose action has once been
dismissed in any court commences an action based upon or including the same claim against
the same defendant, the court may make such order for the payment of costs of the action
previously dismissed as it may deem proper and may stay the proceedings in the action until
the plaintiff has complied with the order.
Advisory Committee Notes
After the court clerk has given notice pursuant to Rule 41(d), a party seeking to avoid
dismissal for lack of prosecution must either take some “action of record” or apply in writing
to the court and demonstrate good cause for continuing the case. Rule 41(d) does not define
what constitutes “an action of record.” See Ill. Central R.R. Co. v. Moore, 99 So. 2d 723, 726
(Miss. 2008). Pleadings, discovery requests, and deposition notices are “actions of record.”
Id. at 728. An ex parte letter to the court clerk simply requesting that the case remain on the
court’s active docket is not an application in writing that demonstrates good cause. Id. at 729-
730. Rather than writing a letter to the clerk, a party should file a written motion with the
court that complies with Rule 7(b)(1) and that demonstrates good cause, and should serve
107
such motion in accordance with M.R.C.P. 5. Id. at 727-730. But see Cucos, Inc. v. McDaniel,
938 So. 2d 238, 247 (Miss. 2006) (finding that the trial court did not abuse its discretion in
considering the plaintiff’s attorney’s letter to the clerk requesting that the case remain on the
court’s active docket as sufficient to prevent dismissal where:…(i) the court held a hearing
and the plaintiff’s lawyer also represented he was trying to schedule conferences so that
defense counsel could talk to plaintiff’s expert witnesses in an effort to facilitate settlement;
(ii) local practice was to treat such letters as sufficient; and (iii) the plaintiff was not served
with a proper copy of the order of dismissal). Generally, compliance with local practice that
is inconsistent with the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure will not, standing alone, be
sufficient to prevent dismissal. See Ill. Central R.R. Co. v. Moore, 994 So. 2d 723, 728 (Miss.
2008).
108
RULE 42. CONSOLIDATION: SEPARATE TRIALS
(a) Consolidation. When actions involving a common question of law or fact are
pending before the court, it may order a joint hearing or trial of any matters in issue in the
actions; it may order all the actions consolidated; and it may make such orders concerning
proceedings therein as may tend to avoid unnecessary costs or delay.
(b) Separate Trial. The court, in furtherance of convenience or to avoid prejudice,
or when separate trials will be conducive to expedition and economy, may order a separate
trial of any claim, cross-claim, counter-claim, or third-party claim, or of any separate issue
or of any number of claims, cross-claims, counter-claims, third-party claims, or issues,
always preserving inviolate the right of trial by jury as declared by Section 31 of the
Mississippi Constitution of 1890.
(c) Counties Within a Single Circuit or Chancery Court District. When civil
actions involving common questions of fact or law are pending in different counties of a
single Circuit or Chancery Court district, such actions may be consolidated for coordinated
or consolidated pretrial proceedings and, if the actions do not involve trials by jury, may be
consolidated for all purposes. All judges presiding over the cases to be consolidated must
agree to the consolidation and to the judge who will preside over the cases for the purposes
stated herein. For the purposes of this rule, “pretrial proceedings” means all matters presented
to the judge prior to trial except dispositive motions.
[Amended February 20, 2004 to correct scrivener’s error; amended effective September 25,
2014.]
109
RULE 43. TAKING OF TESTIMONY
(a) Form and Admissibility. In all trials the testimony of witnesses shall be taken
orally in open court, unless otherwise provided by these rules or the Mississippi Rules of
Evidence.
(b) Affirmation in Lieu of Oath. Whenever under these rules an oath is required to
be taken, a solemn affirmation may be accepted in lieu thereof.
(c) Evidence on Motions. When a motion is based on facts not appearing of record
the court may hear the matter on affidavits presented by the respective parties, but the court
may direct that the matter be heard wholly or partly on oral testimony or depositions.
(d) Interpreters. The court may appoint an interpreter of its own selection and may
assess reasonable compensation. The compensation shall be paid out of funds provided by
law or by one or more of the parties as the court may direct and may be taxed ultimately as
costs, in the discretion of the court. However, in the event and to the extent that such
interpreters are required to be provided under the provisions of the Americans with
Disabilities Act, 42 U.S. C. § 12131, et seq. or under rules or regulations promulgated
pursuant thereto, such compensation and other costs of compliance shall be paid by the
county in which the court sits, and shall not be taxed as costs.
[Amended effective January 10, 1986; amended June 5, 1997; amended effective July 1,
2020.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 2020, Rule 43 was amended to re-designate former Rule 43(d)
[Affirmation in Lieu of Oath] as Rule 43(b); to re-designate former Rule 43(e) [Evidence on
Motions] as Rule 43(c); and to re-designate former Rule 43(f) [Interpreters] as Rule 43(d).
Effective July 1, 1998, Rule 43(f) [Interpreters] was amended in regard to compliance
with the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. § 12131, et seq.
Effective January 10, 1986, Rule 43(a) was amended to provide that testimony may
be taken other than in open court, as provided by the Mississippi Rules of Evidence, and to
delete references to the admissibility of evidence; Rule 43(b) [Mode and Order of
Interrogation], and Rule 43(c) [Record of Excluded Evidence] were abrogated. 478-481 So.
2d XXVII (West Miss. Cas. 1986).
110
Advisory Committee Notes
The admission of telephonic testimony in lieu of a personal appearance in open court
by the witness is within the sound discretion of the trial court. See Byrd v. Nix, 548 So. 2d
1317 (Miss. 1989) (interpreting M.R.C.P. 43(a) and M.R.E. 611(a)).
111
RULE 44. PROOF OF DOCUMENTS
(a) Authentication.
(1) Domestic. An official record kept within the United States or any state, district,
commonwealth, territory, or insular possession thereof, or within the Panama Canal Zone,
the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, or the Ryukyu Islands, or an entry therein, when
admissible for any purpose, may be evidenced by an official publication thereof or by a copy
attested by a person purporting to be the officer having the legal custody of the record, or his
deputy. If the official record is kept outside the State of Mississippi, the copy shall be
accompanied by a certificate under oath of such person that he is the legal custodian of such
record and that the record is kept pursuant to state law.
(2) Foreign. A foreign official record, or an entry therein, when admissible for any
purpose, may be evidenced by an official publication thereof, or a copy thereof, attested by
a person authorized to make the attestation, and accompanied by a final certification as to the
genuineness of the signature and official position (i) of the attesting person or (ii) of any
foreign official whose certificate of genuineness of signature and official position relates to
the attestation or is in a chain of certificates of genuineness of signature and official position
relating to the attestation. A final certification may be made by a secretary of an embassy or
legation, consul general, consul, vice consul, or consular agent of the United States, or a
diplomatic or consular official of the foreign country assigned or accredited to the United
States. If reasonable opportunity has been given to all parties to investigate the authenticity
and accuracy of the documents, the court may, for good cause shown, (i) admit an attested
copy without final certification or (ii) permit the foreign official record to be evidenced by
an attested summary with or without a final certification.
(b) Lack of Record. A written statement that after diligent search no record or entry
of a specified tenor is found to exist in the records designated by the statement, authenticated
as provided in subdivision (a)(1) of this rule in the case of a domestic record, or complying
with the requirements of subdivision (a)(2) of this rule for a summary in the case of a foreign
record, is admissible as evidence that the records contain no such record or entry.
(c) This rule does not prevent the proof of official records or of entry or lack of entry
therein by any other method authorized by law.
Advisory Committee Notes
Even though a document has been authenticated as required by this rule, it may still
be excluded from evidence if, for example, it is irrelevant, or is hearsay, or is otherwise
112
objectionable. For additional evidentiary rules concerning authentication, see M.R.E. 901-
903.
The methods of authentication authorized by Rule 44 are additional and
supplementary; they are not exclusive of other methods made available by Mississippi law.
A party desiring to introduce an official record in evidence has the option of proceeding
under Rule 44 or under any other applicable provision of law.
Rule 44(a)(1) deals with two types of official documents; those kept within the state
and those kept without the state. A copy of the document need only be attested in the former
case, certified under oath in the latter.
113
RULE 44.1 DETERMINATION OF FOREIGN LAW [OMITTED]
Advisory Committee Notes
Mississippi Code Annotated §13-1-149 (1972) provides that courts shall take judicial
notice of all foreign law.
114
RULE 45. SUBPOENA
(a) Form; Issuance.
(1) Every subpoena shall be issued by the clerk under the seal of the court, shall state
the name of the court and the title of the action, and shall command each person to whom it
is directed to attend and give testimony, or to produce and permit inspection and copying of
designated books, documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things in the
possession, custody or control of that person, or to permit inspection of premises, at a time
and place therein specified. The clerk shall issue a subpoena signed and sealed, but
otherwise in blank, to a party requesting it, who shall fill it in before service. A command
to produce or to permit inspection may be joined with a command to appear at trial or hearing
or at deposition, or may be issued separately. A subpoena may specify the form or forms in
which electronically stored information is to be produced.
(2) Subpoenas for attendance at a trial or hearing, for attendance at a deposition, and
for production or inspection shall issue from the court in which the action is pending.
(3) In the case of discovery to be taken in foreign litigation, the subpoena shall be
issued by a clerk of a court for the county in which the discovery is to be taken. The foreign
subpoena shall be submitted to the clerk of court in the county in which discovery is sought
to be conducted in this state. When a party submits a foreign subpoena to a clerk of court in
this state, the clerk, in accordance with that court’s procedure, shall promptly issue a
subpoena for service upon the person to which the foreign subpoena is directed.
The subpoena under subsection (3) must incorporate the terms used in the foreign
subpoena and it must contain or be accompanied by the names, addresses, and telephone
numbers of all counsel of record in the proceeding to which the subpoena relates and any
party not represented by counsel.
A subpoena issued by a clerk of court under subsection (3) must otherwise be issued
and served in compliance with the rules of this state. An application to the court for a
protective order or to enforce, quash or modify a subpoena issued by a clerk of court under
subsection (3) must comply with the rules of this state and be submitted to the issuing court
in the county in which discovery is to be conducted.
(b) Place of Examination. A resident of the State of Mississippi may be required
to attend a deposition, production or inspection only in the county wherein he resides or is
employed or transacts his business in person, or at such other convenient place as is fixed by
an order of the court. A non-resident of this state subpoenaed within this state may be
115
required to attend only in the county wherein he is served, or at such other convenient place
as is fixed by an order of the court.
(c) Service.
(1) A subpoena may be served by a sheriff, or by his deputy, or by any other person
who is not a party and is not less than 18 years of age, and his return endorsed thereon shall
be prima facie proof of service, or the person served may acknowledge service in writing
on the subpoena. Service of the subpoena shall be executed upon the witness personally.
Except when excused by the court upon a showing of indigence, the party causing the
subpoena to issue shall tender to a non-party witness at the time of service the fee for one
day’s attendance plus mileage allowed by law. When the subpoena is issued on behalf of the
State of Mississippi or an officer or agency thereof, fees and mileage need not be tendered
in advance.
(2) Proof of service shall be made by filing with the clerk of the court from which the
subpoena was issued a statement, certified by the person who made the service, setting forth
the date and manner of service, the county in which it was served, the names of the persons
served, and the name, address and telephone number of the person making the service.
(d) Protection of Persons Subject to Subpoenas.
(1) In General.
(A) On timely motion, the court from which a subpoena was issued shall quash or
modify the subpoena if it (i) fails to allow reasonable time for compliance; (ii) requires
disclosure of privileged or other protected matter and no exception or waiver applies, (iii)
designates an improper place for examination, or (iv) subjects a person to undue burden or
expense.
(B) If a subpoena (i) requires disclosure of a trade secret or other confidential
research, development, or commercial information, or (ii) requires disclosure of an
unretained expert’s opinion or information not describing specific events or occurrences in
dispute and resulting from the expert’s study made not at the request of any party, the court
may order appearance or production only upon specified conditions.
(2) Subpoenas for Production or Inspection.
(A) A person commanded to produce and permit inspection and copying of designated
books, papers, documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things, or to permit
116
inspection of premises need not appear in person at the place of production or inspection
unless commanded by the subpoena to appear for deposition, hearing or trial. Unless for
good cause shown the court shortens the time, a subpoena for production or inspection shall
allow not less than ten days for the person upon whom it is served to comply with the
subpoena. A copy of all such subpoenas shall be served immediately upon each party in
accordance with Rule 5. A subpoena commanding production or inspection will be subject
to the provisions of Rule 26(d).
(B) The person to whom the subpoena is directed may, within ten days after the
service thereof or on or before the time specified in the subpoena for compliance, if such
time is less than ten days after service, serve upon the party serving the subpoena written
objection to inspection or copying of any or all of the designated materials, or to inspection
of the premises. If objection is made, the party serving the subpoena shall not be entitled to
inspect and copy the material except pursuant to an order of the court from which the
subpoena was issued. The party serving the subpoena may, if objection has been made, move
at any time upon notice to the person served for an order to compel the production or
inspection.
(C) The court, upon motion made promptly and in any event at or before the time
specified in the subpoena for compliance therewith, may (I) quash or modify the subpoena
if it is unreasonable or oppressive, or (ii) condition the denial of the motion upon the advance
by the person in whose behalf the subpoena is issued of the reasonable cost of producing the
books, papers, documents, or tangible things.
(e) Duties in Responding to Subpoena.
(1) Producing Documents or Electronically Stored Information.
(A) Documents.
A person responding to a subpoena to produce documents shall produce them as they
are kept in the usual course of business or shall organize and label them to correspond with
the categories in the demand.
(B) Form for Producing Electronically Stored Information Not Specified.
If a subpoena does not specify a form for producing electronically stored information,
the person responding must produce it in a form or forms in which it is ordinarily maintained
or in a reasonably usable form or forms.
117
(C) Electronically Stored Information Produced in Only One Form.
The person responding need not produce the same electronically stored information
in more than one form.
(D) Inaccessible Electronically Stored Information.
The person responding need not provide discovery of electronically stored information
from sources that the person identifies as not reasonably accessible because of undue burden
or cost. On motion to compel discovery, motion for a protective order, or motion to quash,
the person responding must show that the information is not reasonably accessible because
of undue burden or cost. If that showing is made, the court may nonetheless order discovery
from such sources if the requesting party shows good cause, considering the limitations of
Rule 26(b)(5). The court may specify conditions for the discovery, including those listed in
Rule 26(b)(5).
(2) Claiming Privilege or Protection.
(A) Information Withheld.
When information subject to a subpoena is withheld on a claim that it is privileged or
subject to protection as trial preparation materials, the claim shall be made expressly and
shall be supported by a description of the nature of the documents, communications, or things
not produced that is sufficient to enable the demanding party to contest the claim.
(B) Information Produced.
If information produced in response to a subpoena is subject to a claim of privilege
or of protection as trial-preparation material, the person making the claim may notify any
party that received the information of the claim and the basis for it. After being notified, a
party must promptly return, sequester, or destroy the specified information and any copies
it has; must not use or disclose the information until the claim is resolved; must take
reasonable steps to retrieve the information if the party disclosed it before being notified; and
may promptly present the information to the court under seal for a determination of the claim.
The person who produced the information must preserve the information until the claim is
resolved.
(f) Sanctions. On motion of a party or of the person upon whom a subpoena for the
production of books, papers, documents, electronically stored information, or tangible things
is served and upon a showing that the subpoena power is being exercised in bad faith or in
such manner as unreasonably to annoy, embarrass, or oppress the party or the person upon
118
whom the subpoena is served, the court in which the action is pending shall order that the
subpoena be quashed and may enter such further orders as justice may require to curb abuses
of the powers granted under this rule. To this end, the court may impose an appropriate
sanction.
(g) Contempt. Failure by any person without adequate excuse to obey a subpoena
served upon him may be deemed a contempt of the court from which the subpoena issued.
[Amended effective March 13, 1991; July 1, 1997; July 1, 1998; amended effective July 1,
2009 to provide a procedure for foreign subpoenas. This provision shall take effect and be
in force from and after July 1, 2009, and applies to requests for discovery in cases pending
on July 1, 2009; amended effective July 1, 2013 to authorize a subpoena for electronically
stored information]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective March 13, 1991, Rule 45(c) was amended to require the party causing a
subpoena to issue to tender to a non-party witness the fee for one day’s attendance plus
mileage allowed by law. Rule 45(e) was amended by deleting the provision for tendering the
fee for one day’s attendance plus the mileage allowed by law to certain witnesses when
subpoenaed. Rule 45(d) was amended to provide that when a deposition is to be taken on
foreign litigation the subpoena shall be issued by the clerk for the county in which the
deposition is to be taken. 574-576 So. 2d XXIV-XXV (West Miss. Cas. 1991).
Effective July 1, 1997 a new Rule 45 was adopted.
Effective July 1, 2013, Rule 45 was amended to specifically authorize a subpoena to
command the person to whom it is directed to produce and permit inspection and copying of
electronically stored information. The same amendment also established a procedure to be
used when privileged or trial-preparation material is inadvertently disclosed.
Advisory Committee Notes
A “foreign subpoena” means a subpoena issued under authority of a court of record
of a foreign jurisdiction. “Foreign jurisdiction” means a state other than this state. Litigants
in a foreign jurisdiction who desire to obtain a subpoena to depose a Mississippi resident, to
obtain records within Mississippi, or to inspect premises within Mississippi should follow
the procedure established in Mississippi Code Annotated section 11-59-1 et. seq. See the
exclusion in M.R.A.P. 46(b)(11)(i) for Admission of Foreign Attorneys Pro Hac Vice.
119
Rule 45(c)(1) regarding advance payment to non-parties of statutory witness fees and
mileage is complementary to Mississippi Code Annotated §§25-7-47 through 25-7-59 (1972).
Rule 45(d)(2) is intended to ensure that there be no confusion as to whether a person
not a party in control, custody, or possession of discoverable evidence may be compelled to
produce such evidence without being sworn as a witness and deposed. The force of a
subpoena for production of documentary evidence generally reaches all documents under the
control of the person ordered to produce, saving questions of privilege or unreasonableness.
120
RULE 46. EXCEPTIONS UNNECESSARY
An exception at any stage or step of the case or matter is unnecessary to lay a
foundation for review whenever a matter has been called to the attention of the court by
objection, motion, or otherwise and the court has ruled thereon. However, if a party has no
opportunity to object to a ruling or order at the time it is made, the absence of an objection
does not thereafter prejudice him.
121
RULE 47. JURORS
(a) Examination of Jurors. Any person called as a juror for the trial of any cause
shall be examined under oath or upon affirmation as to his qualifications. The court may
permit the parties or their attorneys to conduct the examination of the prospective jurors or
may itself conduct the examination. In the latter event, the court shall permit the parties of
their attorneys to supplement the examination by further inquiry.
(b) Selection of Jurors; Jury Service. Jurors shall be drawn and selected for jury
service as provided by statute.
(c) Challenges. In actions tried before a 12-person jury, each side may exercise four
peremptory challenges. In actions tried before a 6-person jury, each side may exercise two
peremptory challenges. Where one or both sides are composed of muliple parties, the court
may allow challenges to be exercised separately or jointly, and may allow additional
challenges; provided, however, in all actions the number of challenges allowed for each side
shall be identical. Parties may challenge any juror for cause.
(d) Alternate Jurors. The trial judge may, in his discretion, direct that one or two
jurors in addition to the regular panel be called and empaneled to sit as alternate jurors.
Alternate jurors, in the order in which they are called, shall replace jurors who, prior to the
time the jury retires to consider its verdict, become unable or disqualified to perform their
duties. Alternate jurors shall be drawn in the same manner, shall have the same
qualifications, shall be subject to the same examination and challenges for cause, shall take
the same oath and shall have the same functions, powers, facilities, and privileges as the
regular jurors. Each party shall be allowed one peremptory challenge to alternate jurors in
addition to those provided by subdivision (c) of this rule. The additional peremptory
challenges provided for herein may be used against an alternate juror only, and other
peremptory challenges, provided by subdivision (c) of this rule, may not be used against an
alternate juror.
[Amended effective June 24, 1992.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective June 24, 1992, Rule 47 was amended to provide that the court may allocate
peremptory challenges to a side, rather than to a party, and, in the case of multiple parties on
a side, may allow them to be exercised jointly or separately, and may allow additional
peremptory challenges. 598-602 So. 2d XXIII (West Miss. Cas. 1992).
122
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 47(c) provides that each side may exercise peremptory challenges to prospective
jurors. Under the liberal provisions of these rules for joinder of claims and parties, problems
may arise where there are multiple parties comprising a side. In such cases, it is implicit that
the court may apportion the challenges among the parties comprising that side when they
cannot agree on the apportionment themselves.
For additional guidelines concerning the method by which peremptory challenges
shall be exercised, see the Uniform Rules of Circuit and County Court Practice.
123
RULE 48. JURIES AND JURY VERDICTS
(a) Circuit and Chancery Courts. Jurors in circuit and chancery court actions shall
consist of twelve persons, plus alternates as provided by Rule 47(d). A verdict or finding of
nine or more of the jurors shall be taken as the verdict or finding of the jury.
(b) County Court. Juries in county court actions shall consist of six persons, plus
alternates as provided by Rule 47(d). A verdict or finding of five or more of the jurors shall
be taken as the verdict or finding of the jury.
124
RULE 49. GENERAL VERDICTS AND SPECIAL VERDICTS
(a) General Verdicts. Except as otherwise provided in this rule, jury determination
shall be by general verdict. The remaining provisions of this rule should not be applied in
simple cases where the general verdict will serve the ends of justice.
(b) Special Verdict. The court may require a jury to return only a special verdict in
the form of a special written finding upon each issue of fact. In that event the court may
submit to the jury written questions susceptible of categorical or other brief answer or may
submit written forms of the several special findings which might properly be made under the
pleadings and evidence; or it may use such other method of submitting the issues and
requiring written findings thereon as it deems most appropriate. The court shall give to the
jury such explanation and instruction concerning the matter thus submitted as may be
necessary to enable the jury to make its findings upon each issue. If in so doing the court
omits any issue of fact raised by the pleadings or by the evidence, each party waives his right
to a trial by jury of the issue so omitted unless before the jury retires he demands its
submission to the jury. As to an issue omitted without such demand the court may make a
finding; or if it fails to do so, it shall be deemed to have made a finding in accord with the
judgment on the special verdict.
(c) General Verdict Accompanied by Answers to Interrogatories. The court, in
its discretion, may submit to the jury, together with instructions for a general verdict, written
interrogatories upon one or more issues of fact the decision of which is necessary to a verdict.
The court shall give such explanation or instruction as may be necessary to enable the jury
both to make answers and to render a general verdict. When the general verdict and the
answers are harmonious, the appropriate judgment upon the verdict and answers shall be
entered. When the answers are consistent with each other but one or more is inconsistent
with the general verdict, judgment may be entered consistent with the answers,
notwithstanding the general verdict, or the court may return the jury for further consideration
of its answers and verdict or may order a new trial. When the answers are inconsistent with
each other and one or more is likewise inconsistent with the general verdict, judgment shall
not be entered, but the court shall return the jury for further consideration of its answers and
verdict or shall order a new trial.
(d) Court to Provide Attorneys With Questions. In no event shall the procedures
of subdivisions (b) or (c) of this rule be utilized unless the court, within a reasonable time
before final arguments are made to the jury, provides the attorneys for all parties a copy of
the written questions to be submitted to the jury.
[Amended effective March 1, 1989.]
125
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 49 was amended to provide for a General Verdict
Accompanied by Answers to Interrogatories in jury trials. 536-538 So. 2d XXVI-XXVII
(West Miss. Cas. 1989).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 49 authorizes three types of verdicts—a general verdict, a special verdict, and
a general verdict accompanied by answers to interrogatories. Trial judges have broad
discretion to use special verdicts or general verdicts accompanied by answers to
interrogatories. W.J. Runyon & Son, Inc. v. Davis, 605 So. 2d 38, 49 (Miss. 1992).
A general verdict is a single determination that disposes of the entire case, whereas
a special verdict requires the jury to decide specific factual issues. Special verdicts are
appropriate in complicated cases where their use might assist in focusing the jury’s attention
on the specific relevant factual issues or cases in which jury bias or prejudice might arise.
Thompson v. Dung Thi Hoang Nguyen, 86 So. 3d 232, 240 (Miss. 2012). If the special
verdict submitted to the jury omits a fact issue raised by the pleadings or evidence, the parties
will be deemed to have waived their right to jury trial on such issue unless jury trial on such
issue is demanded before the case is submitted to the jury. In the absence of such a demand,
the trial court may make the requisite factual findings.
A court may also submit a general verdict with written interrogatories about specific
factual issues to the jury. If the general verdict and interrogatory answers are consistent, the
court shall enter judgment reflecting the verdict and answers. If the interrogatory answers are
internally consistent but one or more answers is inconsistent with the general verdict, the
court may enter judgment based upon the answers despite their inconsistency with the general
verdict, instruct the jury to further consider its verdict and answers, or order a new trial.
When one of the interrogatory answers is inconsistent with another answer and also
inconsistent with the general verdict, the court shall instruct the jury to further consider its
verdict and answers or order a new trial.
A special verdict or general verdict with interrogatories directing the jury to separate
economic and non-economic damages is necessary if a defendant is going to seek application
of statutory caps on non-economic damages. See, e.g., Intown Lessee Assocs., LLC v.
Howard, 67 So. 3d 711, 723-24 (Miss. 2011). Similarly, a special verdict or a general verdict
with interrogatories may be useful in a case in which the law authorizes allocation of fault
among the parties determined to be at fault. A special verdict or a general verdict with
answers to interrogatories may also be useful in cases involving novel or uncertain law. If
126
the trial court is reversed on appeal, the special verdict or interrogatory answers may make
retrial unnecessary if they contain sufficient factual findings on the relevant issues.
127
RULE 50. MOTIONS FOR A DIRECTED VERDICT AND FOR
JUDGMENT NOTWITHSTANDING THE VERDICT
(a) Motion for Directed Verdict: When Made; Effect. A party who moves for a
directed verdict at the close of the evidence offered by an opponent may offer evidence in
the event that the motion is not granted without having reserved the right to do so and to the
same extent as if the motion had not been made. A motion for a directed verdict which is not
granted is not a waiver of trial by jury even though all parties to the action have moved for
directed verdicts. A motion for a directed verdict shall state the specific grounds therefor.
The order of the court granting a motion for a directed verdict is effective without any assent
of the jury.
(b) Motion for Judgment Notwithstanding the Verdict. Not later than ten days
after entry of judgment in accordance with a verdict, a party may file a motion to have the
verdict and any judgment entered thereon set aside; or if a verdict was not returned, a party,
within ten days after the jury has been discharged, may file a motion for judgment. If no
verdict was returned the court may direct the entry of judgment or may order a new trial.
(c) Conditional Rulings on Grant of Motion.
(1) If the motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict provided for in subdivision
(b) of this rule is granted, the court shall also rule on the motion for a new trial, if any, by
determining whether it should be granted if the judgment is thereafter vacated or reversed,
and shall specify the grounds for granting or denying the motion for the new trial. If the
motion for a new trial is thus conditionally granted, the order thereon does not affect the
finality of the judgment. In case the motion for a new trial has been conditionally granted
and the judgment is reversed on appeal, the new trial shall proceed unless the appellate court
has otherwise ordered. In case the motion for a new trial has been conditionally denied, the
appellee on appeal may assert error in that denial; and if the judgment is reversed on appeal,
subsequent proceedings shall be in accordance with the order of the appellate court.
(2) The party whose verdict has been set aside on motion for a judgment
notwithstanding the verdict may file a motion for a new trial pursuant to Rule 59 not later
than ten days after entry of the judgment notwithstanding the verdict.
(d) Denial of Motion. If the motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict is
denied, the party who prevailed on the motion may, as appellee, assert grounds entitling him
to a new trial on the event the appellate court concludes that the trial court erred in denying
the motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict. If the appellate court reverses the
128
judgment nothing in this rule precludes it from determining that the appellee is entitled to a
new trial or from directing the trial court to determine whether a new trial shall be granted.
[Amended effective July 1, 1994; July 1, 1997.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1997, Rule 50(b) was amended to clarify that Rule 50(b) motions
must be filed not later than ten days after entry of judgment. 689-692 So. 2d XLIX (West
Miss. Cas. 1997).
Effective July 1, 1994, Rule 50(b) was amended so that a motion for directed verdict
is not a prerequisite to file a motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict. 632-635
So.2d XXX-XXXI (West Miss.Cases 1994).
[Adopted August 21, 1996; amended effective July 1, 1997.]
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 50 applies only in cases tried to a jury with power to return a binding verdict.
Rule 50(a) enables the court to determine whether there is any question of fact to be
submitted to the jury and whether any verdict other than the one directed would be erroneous
as a matter of law; it is conceived as a device to save the time and trouble involved in a
lengthy jury determination.
Rule 50(b) differs from its federal rule counterpart in that a motion for a directed
verdict is no longer a prerequisite to file a motion for a judgment notwithstanding the verdict.
New Hampshire Ins. Co. v. Sid Smith & Associates, Inc., 610 So. 2d 340 (Miss. 1992).
A motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict made pursuant to M.R.C.P. 50(b)
must be filed within 10 days after entry of the judgment. The trial court has no authority or
discretion to extend the 10-day time period. M.R.C.P. 6(b). A motion for a judgment
notwithstanding the verdict is not appropriate for cases tried by a judge sitting without a jury.
See M.R.C.P. 59(e).
129
RULE 51. INSTRUCTIONS TO JURY
(a) Procedural Instructions. At the commencement of and during the course of a
trial, the court may orally give the jury cautionary and other instructions of law relating to
trial procedure, the duty and function of the jury, and may acquaint the jury generally with
the nature of the case.
(b) Substantive Instructions. Each party to an action may submit six instructions on
the substantive law of the case. However, the court may permit the submission of additional
instructions as justice requires. The court may instruct the jury of its own initiative.
(1) When Submitted. Instructions proposed by parties shall be submitted to the court
at the pre-trial hearing as provided by Rule 16. In the event a pre-trial hearing is not
conducted, proposed instructions shall be delivered to the court and counsel for all parties
not later than twenty-four hours prior to the time the action is scheduled to be tried.
(2) Identification. The court’s substantive instructions shall be numbered and
prefixed with the letter C. Plaintiff’s instructions shall be numbered and prefixed with the
letter P. Defendant’s instructions shall be numbered and prefixed with the letter D. In
multi-party actions, Roman numerals shall be used to identify the proposed instructions of
similarly aligned parties; the Roman numerals shall be placed after the alphabetical
designation of P or D, as the case may be, and shall conform to the sequential listing of
parties plaintiff or defendant as stated in the complaint.
Instructions shall not otherwise be identified with a party.
(3) Objections. No party may assign as error the granting or the denying of an
instruction unless he objects thereto at any time before the instructions are presented to the
jury; opportunity shall be given to make the objection out of the hearing of the jury. All
objections shall be stated into the record and shall state distinctly the matter to which
objection is made and the grounds therefor.
(c) Instructions to be Written. Except as allowed by Rule 51(a), all instructions
shall be in writing.
(d) When Read; Available to Counsel and Jurors. Instructions shall be read by the
court to the jury at the close of all the evidence and prior to oral argument; they shall be
available to counsel for use during argument. Instructions shall be carried by the jury into
the jury room when it retires to consider its verdict.
130
Advisory Committee Notes
It is the trial court’s responsibility to properly instruct the jury. “[W]here under the
evidence a party is entitled to have the jury instructed regarding a particular issue and where
the party requests an instruction which for whatever reason is inadequate in form or content,
the trial judge has the responsibility either to reform and correct the proffered instruction
himself or to advise counsel on the record of the perceived deficiencies therein and to afford
counsel a reasonable opportunity to prepare a new corrected instruction.” Mississippi Valley
Silica Co., Inc. v. Eastman, 92 So. 3d 666, 669 (Miss. 2012) (quoting Byrd v. McGill, 478
So. 2d 302, 303 (Miss. 1985)). See Rule 3.07 of the Uniform Circuit and County Court Rules
for additional provisions governing jury instructions. See also Mississippi Model Jury
Instructions of 2012 which were prepared by a commission appointed by the Mississippi
Supreme Court. Although not formally adopted or approved by the Supreme Court of
Mississippi, the “Plain Language Model Jury Instructions” have been placed on the Supreme
Court website as an aid to trial judges and attorneys.
131
RULE 52. FINDINGS BY THE COURT
(a) Effect. In all actions tried upon the facts without a jury the court may, and shall
upon the request of any party to the suit or when required by these rules, find the facts
specially and state separately its conclusions of law thereon and judgment shall be entered
accordingly.
(b) Amendment. Upon motion of a party filed not later than ten days after entry of
judgment or entry of findings and conclusions, or upon its own initiative during the same
period, the court may amend its findings or make additional findings and may amend the
judgment accordingly. The motion may accompany a motion for a new trial pursuant to Rule
59. When findings of fact are made in actions tried by the court without a jury, the question
of the sufficiency of the evidence to support the findings may thereafter be raised regardless
of whether the party raising the question has made in court an objection to such findings or
has filed a motion to amend them or a motion for judgment or a motion for a new trial.
[Amended effective, July 1, 1997.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1997, Rule 52(b) was amended to clarify that a motion to amend the
trial court’s findings must be filed not later that ten days after entry of judgment. 689 So. 2d
XLIX (West Miss. Cas. 1997).
[Adopted effective July 1, 1997.]
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 52(a) requires a trial court, in cases tried without a jury, to make specific findings
of fact and conclusions of law when such findings and conclusions are requested by a party
or when such findings and conclusions are required by the Mississippi Rules of Civil
Procedure. In the absence of a party’s request for such findings and conclusions or a rule
requiring such findings and conclusions, the trial court “may” make such findings and
conclusions. See Gulf Coast Research Laboratory v. Amaraneni, 722 So. 2d 530, 534-35
(Miss. 1998). The principal purpose of the rule is to provide the appellate court with a record
regarding what the trial court did—the facts it found and the law it applied, in part so that the
appellate court can refrain from deciding issues of fact and issues that were not decided by
the trial court. Tricon Metals & Services, Inc. v. Topp, 516 So. 2d 236, 239 (Miss. 1987). “In
cases of any significant complexity the word ‘may’ in Rule 52(a) should be construed to read
‘generally should.’ In other words, in cases of any complexity, tried upon the facts without
132
a jury, the Court generally should find the facts specially and state its conclusions of law
thereon.” Id. In contested complex cases, a trial court’s “failure to make findings of ultimate
fact and conclusions of law will generally be regarded as an abuse of discretion.” Id.
“[F]indings of fact by the chancellor, together with the legal conclusions drawn from those
findings, are required [in cases involving the division of marital assets].” Ferguson v.
Ferguson, 639 So. 2d 921, 929 (Miss. 1994).
General findings of fact and conclusions of law may technically comply with Rule
52’s requirements despite a party’s request for specific findings of fact and conclusions of
law. See Lowery v. Lowery, 657 So. 2d 817, 819 (Miss. 1995) (citing Century 21 Deep South
Prop. v. Corson, 612 So. 2d 359, 367 (Miss. 1992)). If a trial court fails to make even general
findings of fact and conclusions of law when specific findings of fact and conclusions of law
are requested by a party, remand to the trial court may be necessary unless the evidence is so
overwhelming so as to make findings unnecessary. See Lowery v. Lowery, 657 So. 2d 817,
819 (Miss. 1995).
A trial court has discretion to adopt a party’s proposed findings of fact and
conclusions of law. Rice Researchers, Inc. v. Hiter, 512 So. 2d 1259, 1266 (Miss. 1987). A
trial court’s factual findings, even in cases where the trial court adopts verbatim a party’s
proposed findings of fact, will be reviewed for abuse of discretion. Bluewater Logistics, LLC
v. Williford, 55 So. 3d 148, 157 (Miss. 2011).
See also the Uniform Chancery Court Rules regarding findings by the court.
133
RULE 53. MASTERS, REFEREES, AND COMMISSIONERS
(a) Appointment and Compensation. The court may appoint one or more persons
in each county to be masters of the court, and the court in which any action is pending may
appoint a special master therein. As used in these rules, the word “Master” includes a
referee, an auditor, an examiner, a commissioner, and a special commissioner. The master
shall receive a reasonable compensation for services rendered, as fixed by law or as allowed
by the court and taxed in the costs and collected in the same manner as the fees of the clerk.
(b) Qualifications. The master shall be an attorney at law, authorized to practice law
before all courts of the State of Mississippi. However, in extraordinary circumstances where
the finding to be made is of a complex, technical, non legal nature, a person other than an
attorney possessing the requisite qualifications of a person skilled in the field, area, or subject
of the inquiry may be appointed as a master; additionally, persons other than attorneys may
be appointed as special commissioners to conduct judicially-ordered sales and partitions of
real or personal property.
(c) Reference: When Made. With the written consent of the parties, the court may
refer any issue of fact or law to a master. Otherwise, a reference shall be made only upon a
showing that some exceptional condition requires it.
(d) Powers. The order of reference to the master may specify or limit his powers and
may direct him to report only upon particular issues or to do or perform particular acts or to
receive and report evidence only and may fix the time and place for beginning and closing
the hearing and for the filing of the master’s report. Subject to the specifications and
limitations stated in the order, the master has and shall exercise the power to regulate all
proceedings in every hearing before him and to do all acts and take all measures necessary
or proper for the efficient performance of his duties under the order. He may require the
production before him of evidence upon all matters embraced in the reference, including the
production of all books, papers, vouchers, documents, and writings applicable thereto. He
shall have the power to administer oaths, to take the examination of witnesses in cases
pending in any court, to examine and report upon all matters referred to him, and to execute
all decrees directed to him to be executed.
Masters shall have the power to direct the issuance of subpoenas for witnesses to
attend before them to testify in any matter referred to them or generally in the cause. If any
witness shall fail to appear, the master shall proceed by process to compel the witness to
attend and give evidence.
134
(e) Proceedings. When a reference is made, the clerk shall forthwith furnish the
master with a certified copy of the order of reference, which shall constitute sufficient
certification of his authority. Upon receipt thereof, unless the order of reference otherwise
provides, the master shall forthwith set a time and place for the first meeting of the parties
or their attorneys which is to be held in any event within ten days following the date of the
order of reference and shall notify the parties or their attorneys. It is the duty of the master
to proceed with all reasonable diligence. Either party, on notice to the parties and master,
may apply to the court for an order requiring the master to speed the proceedings and to make
his report. If a party fails to appear at the time and place appointed, the master may proceed
ex parte or, in his discretion, may adjourn the proceedings to a future day, giving notice of
same to the absent party.
(f) Statements of Account. The court may direct an account to be taken in any cause
in vacation or in term, and when the master shall doubt as to the principles upon which the
account shall be taken or as to the propriety of admitting any item of debit or credit claimed
by either party, he may state in writing the points on which he shall doubt and submit same
for decision to the court in vacation or in term.
(g) Report.
(1) Contents and Filing. The master shall prepare a report upon the matters submitted
to him by the order of reference and, if required to make findings of fact and conclusions of
law, he shall set them forth in the report. He shall file the report with the clerk of the court
and, unless otherwise directed by the order of reference, shall file with it a transcript of the
proceeding and of the evidence in the original exhibits. The clerk shall forthwith mail to all
parties notice of the filing.
(2) Acceptance and Objections. The court shall accept the master’s findings of fact
unless manifestly wrong. Within ten days after being served with notice of the filing of the
report any party may serve written objections thereto upon the other parties. Application to
the court for action upon the report and upon objections thereto shall be by motion and upon
notice as provided by Rule 6(d). The court after hearing may adopt the report or modify it
or may reject it in whole or in any part or may receive further evidence or may recommit it
with instructions.
(3) Stipulation as to Findings. The effect of a master’s report is the same regardless
of whether the parties have consented to the reference; however, when the parties stipulate
that a master’s finding of fact shall be final, only questions of law arising upon the report
shall thereafter be considered.
135
(4) Draft Report. Before filing his report a master may submit a draft thereof to
counsel for all parties for the purpose of receiving their suggestions.
(h) Bond; When Required. The court may require a special commissioner appointed
to conduct a sale of any property to give bond in such penalty and with sufficient sureties to
be approved as the court may direct, payable to the State of Mississippi, and conditioned to
pay according to law all money which may come into his hands as such special
commissioner. The bond shall be filed with the court. For any breach of its condition,
execution may be issued on order of the court for the sum due. However, when the clerk of
the court or the sheriff is appointed to make a sale and the order does not provide for a bond,
the official bond of the clerk or the sheriff shall be held as security in the premises.
[Amended effective March 1, 1989; April 13, 2000.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective April 13, 2000, Rule 53(c) was amended to give the court discretion to
appoint a master on the written consent of the parties without a showing of an exceptional
condition. 753-754 So. 2d. XVII (West Miss.Cas. 2000).
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 53 was amended to correct a typographical error. 536-
538 So. 2d XXVII (West Miss. Cas. 1989).
136
CHAPTER VII. JUDGMENT
RULE 54. JUDGMENTS; COSTS
(a) Definitions. “Judgment” as used in these rules includes a final decree and any
order from which an appeal lies.
(b) Judgment Upon Multiple Claims or Involving Multiple Parties. When more
than one claim for relief is presented in an action, whether as a claim, counter-claim,
cross-claim, or third-party claim, or when multiple parties are involved, the court may direct
the entry of a final judgment as to one or more but fewer than all of the claims or parties only
upon an expressed determination that there is no just reason for delay and upon an expressed
direction for the entry of the judgment. In the absence of such determination and direction,
any order or other form of decision, however designated which adjudicates fewer than all of
the claims or the rights and liabilities of fewer than all the parties shall not terminate the
action as to any of the claims or parties and the order or other form of decision is subject to
revision at any time before the entry of judgment adjudicating all the claims and the rights
and liabilities of all the parties.
(c) Judgment Summarily Dismissing a Motion for Post-Conviction Collateral
Relief. When a court summarily dismisses a motion for post-conviction collateral relief under
section 99-39-11(2) of the Mississippi Code, the order must identify the files, records,
transcripts, and correspondence the court relied on and direct that certified copies of those
documents be placed in the motion cause number’s file.
(d) Demand for Judgment. A judgment by default shall not be different in kind from
or exceed in amount that prayed for in the demand for judgment. Except as to a party against
whom a judgment is entered by default, every final judgment shall grant the relief to which
the party in whose favor it is rendered is entitled by the proof and which is within the
jurisdiction of the court to grant, even if the party has not demanded such relief in his
pleadings; however, final judgment shall not be entered for a monetary amount greater than
that demanded in the pleadings or amended pleadings.
(e) Costs. Except when express provision therefor is made in a statute, costs shall be
allowed as of course to the prevailing party unless the court otherwise directs, and this
provision is applicable in all cases in which the State of Misslssippi is a party plaintiff in civil
actions as in cases of individual suitors. In all cases where costs are adjudged against any
party who has given security for costs, execution may be ordered to issue against such
security. Costs may be taxed by the clerk on one day’s notice. On motions served within
137
five days of the receipt of notice of such taxation, the action of the clerk may be reviewed
by the court.
[Amended effective July 1, 2018.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 2018, Rule 54 was amended to add subsection (c), which concerns
summary dismissals of motions for post-conviction collateral relief.
Advisory Committee Notes
Although it is not specifically described in the rule itself, there are several different
stages that lead to the creation of a judgment that is final and appealable. It is important to
differentiate the various steps that are part of this process. The first distinction is between the
adjudication, either by a decision of the court or a verdict of the jury, and the judgment that
is entered thereon. The terms “decision” and “judgment” are not synonymous under these
rules. The decision consists of the court’s opinion which consists of findings of fact and
conclusions of law; the rendition of judgment is the pronouncement of that decision and the
act that gives it legal effect.
A second distinction that should be noted is between the judgment itself and the
“filing,” or the “entry,” of the judgment. A judgment is the final determination of an action
and thus has the effect of terminating the litigation; it is “the act of the court.” “Filing”
simply refers to the delivery of the judgment to the clerk for entry and preservation. The
“entry” of the judgment is the ministerial notation of the judgment by the clerk of the court
pursuant to Rules 58 and 79(a); however, it is crucial to the effectiveness of the judgment and
for measuring the time periods for appeal and the filing of various motions.
Rule 54(b) is designed to facilitate the entry of a final judgment upon one or more but
fewer than all the claims or as to one or more but fewer than all the parties in an action
involving multiple claims or multiple parties, so as to enable the non-prevailing party to
perfect an appeal as of right of a final judgment. Absent a certification under Rule 54(b), any
order in a multiple-party or multiple-claim action that does not dispose of the entire action
is interlocutory, even it if appears to adjudicate a separable portion of the controversy. Given
that separate, piecemeal appeals of interlocutory orders entered in a single action would
usually be inefficient, parties may not appeal interlocutory orders as of right. Instead, a party
may request the trial court to certify such an interlocutory order as final judgment pursuant
to Rule 54(b), so that an appeal of right may be taken pursuant to M.R.A.P. 4, or,
alternatively, a party may petition the Supreme Court for permission to appeal an
138
interlocutory order pursuant to M.R.A.P. 5. If a party attempts to perfect an appeal as of right
pursuant to M.R.A.P. 4 of an order that does not dispose of all the claims between the parties,
such appeal will be dismissed for lack of jurisdiction unless the order appealed from has been
properly certified as a final judgment pursuant to Rule 54(b). See, e.g., Williams v. Delta
Reg’l Med. Ctr., 740 So. 2d 284 (Miss. 1999).
Rule 54(b) gives a trial court discretion to certify an interlocutory order as a final
judgment if the court determines that “there is no just reason for delay” of the appeal. Rule
54(b) certification should be reserved for cases in which delay of the appeal might prejudice
a party. See Cox v. Howard, Weil, Laboussie, Friedrichs, Inc., 512 So. 2d 897, 900 (Miss.
1987). Courts should grant Rule 54(b) certification “cautiously in the interest of sound
judicial administration in order to preserve the established judicial policy against piecemeal
appeals.” See Indiana Lumbermen’s Mut. Ins. Co. v. Curtis Mathes, Mfg. Co., 456 So. 2d
750, 752-53 (Miss. 1984).
If the trial court chooses to certify an interlocutory order as a final judgment pursuant
to Rule 54(b), it must do so in a definite, unmistakable manner. If the reasons for the Rule
54(b) certification are not clear from the record, the trial court should set forth its findings
and reasons for certification. See Cox, 512 So. 2d at 900-01.
Rule 54(d) must be read in conjunction with Rule 8, which requires that every
pleading asserting a claim include a demand for the relief to which the pleader believes
himself entitled. Thus, Rule 54(d) applies to any demand for relief, whether made by
defendant or plaintiff or presented by way of an original claim, counter-claim, cross-claim,
or third-party claim. A default judgment may not extend to matters outside the issues raised
by the pleadings or beyond the scope of the relief demanded; a judgment in a default case
that awards relief that either is more than or different in kind from that requested originally
is null and void and defendant may attack it collaterally in another proceeding.
Three related concepts should be distinguished in considering Rule 54(e): These are
costs, fees, and expenses. Costs refer to those charges that one party has incurred and is
permitted to have reimbursed by his opponent as part of the judgment in the action. Although
costs has an everyday meaning synonymous with expenses, taxable costs under Rule 54(e)
is more limited and represents those official expenses, such as court fees, that a court will
assess against a litigant. Costs almost always amount to less than a successful litigant’s total
expenses in connection with a law suit and their recovery is nearly always awarded to the
successful party.
Fees are those amounts paid to the court or one of its officers for particular charges
that generally are delineated by statute. Most commonly these include such items as filing
139
fees, clerk’s and sheriff’s charges, and witnesses’ fees. In most instances an award of costs
will include reimbursement for the fees paid by the party in whose favor the cost award is
made.
Expenses include all the expenditures actually made by a litigant in connection with
the action. Both fees and costs are expenses but by no means constitute all of them. Absent
a special statute or rule, or an exceptional exercise of judicial discretion, such items as
attorney’s fees, travel expenditures, and investigatory expenses will not qualify either as
statutory fees or reimbursable costs. These expenses must be borne by the litigants.
140
RULE 55. DEFAULT
(a) Entry. When a party against whom a judgment for affirmative relief is sought has
failed to plead or otherwise defend as provided by these rules and that fact is made to appear
by affidavit or otherwise, the clerk shall enter his default.
(b) Judgment. In all cases the party entitled to a judgment by default shall apply to
the court therefor. If the party against whom judgment by default is sought has appeared in
the action, he (or if appearing by representative, his representative) shall be served with
written notice of the application for judgment at least three days prior to the hearing of such
application; however, judgment by default may be entered by the court on the day the case
is set for trial without such three days’ notice. If in order to enable the court to enter
judgment or to carry it into effect it is necessary to take an account or to determine the
amount of damages or to establish the truth of any averment by evidence or to make an
investigation of any other matter, the court may conduct such hearing with or without a jury,
in the court’s discretion, or order such references as it deems necessary and proper.
(c) Setting Aside Default. For good cause shown, the court may set aside an entry
of default and, if a judgment by default has been entered, may likewise set it aside in
accordance with Rule 60(b).
(d) Plaintiffs, Counter-Claimants, and Cross-Claimants. The provisions of this
rule apply whether the party entitled to the judgment by default is a plaintiff, a third-party
plaintiff, or a party who has pleaded a cross-claim or counter-claim. In all cases a judgment
by default is subject to the limitation of Rule 54(c).
(e) Proof Required Despite Default in Certain Cases. No judgment by default shall
be entered against a person under a legal disability or a party to a suit for divorce or
annulment of marriage unless the claimant establishes his claim or rights to relief by
evidence, provided, however, that divorces on ground of irreconcilable differences may be
granted pro confesso as provided by statute.
Advisory Committee Notes
Before a default judgment can be entered, the court must have jurisdiction over the
party against whom the judgment is sought; which also means that the party must have been
effectively served with process.
141
Entry of default for failure to plead or otherwise defend is not limited to situations
involving a failure to answer a complaint, but applies to any of the pleadings listed in
M.R.C.P. 7(a).
The words “otherwise defend” refer to a Rule 12(b)(6) motion. See M.R.C.P. Rule
12(b). The mere appearance by the defending party will not keep the party from being in
default for failure to plead or otherwise defend, but if the party appears and indicates a desire
to contest the action, the court can exercise its discretion and refuse to enter a default
judgment. This approach is in line with the general policy that whenever there is doubt
whether a default judgment should be entered, the court ought to allow the case to be tried
on the merits.
Rule 55(a) does not represent the only source of authority in these rules for the entry
of a default that may lead to judgment. For example, Rule 37(b)(2)(C) and Rule 37(d) both
provide for the use of a default judgment as a sanction for violation of the discovery rules.
When the prerequisites of Rule 55(a) are satisfied, an entry of default shall be made
by the clerk without any action being taken by the court. The clerk’s function, however, is
not perfunctory. Before the clerk can enter a default the clerk must examine the affidavits
filed and be satisfied that the requirements of Rule 55(a) are met. See M.R.C.P. App. A,
Forms 36, 37, and 38. These elements of default must be shown by affidavit or other
competent proof.
The traditional requirement that “one had to file documents in or actually physically
appear before a court” in order to make a Rule 55(b) appearance has been relaxed. If a party
has made “an indicia of defense or denial of the allegations of the complaint,” such party is
entitled to written notice of the application for default judgment at least three days prior to
the hearing on such application. Wheat v. Eakin, 491 So. 2d 523, 525 (Miss. 1986).
“[I]nformal contacts between parties may constitute an appearance.” Holmes v. Holmes, 628
So. 2d 1361, 1364 (Miss. 1993). The Mississippi Supreme Court has found an appearance
when “the defendants either 1) served or sent a document to the plaintiff indicating in writing
the defendant’s intent to defend, 2) filed a document with the court indicating in writing the
defendant’s intent to defend, or 3) had counsel communicate to opposing counsel the
defendant’s intent to defend.” American States Ins. Co. v. Rogillio, 10 So. 3d 463, 467 (Miss.
2009). A defendant who has filed an answer to the complaint but who has failed to file a
timely answer to an amended complaint has entered an appearance for Rule 55(b) purposes.
See Chassaniol v. Bank of Kilmichael, 626 So. 2d 127, 130-31 (Miss. 1993). A defendant
whose attorney has written the plaintiff’s attorney in a divorce case and informed him that
the defendant desired to settle the case if possible but intended to defend if no settlement
could be reached has entered an appearance for Rule 55(b) purposes. See Holmes v. Holmes,
142
628 So. 2d 1361, 1364 (Miss. 1993). A defendant who has served a motion to set aside the
entry of default has entered an appearance for Rule 55(b) purposes. See King v. Sigrest, 641
So. 2d 1158, 1162 (Miss. 1994). A defendant, cannot, however, enter a Rule 55(b)
appearance before the case has been commenced. See Kumar v. Loper, 80 So. 3d 808, 814
(Miss. 2012). The defendant bears the burden of proving that an appearance has been made.
See Dynasteel Corp. v. Aztec Indus., Inc., 611 So. 2d 977, 982 (Miss. 1992).
Although an appearance by a defending party does not immunize defendant from
being in default for failure to plead or otherwise defend, it does entitle defendant to at least
three days written notice of the application to the court for the entry of a judgment based on
his default. This enables a defendant in default to appear at a subsequent hearing on the
question of damages and contest the amount to be assessed against him. Damages must be
fixed before an entry of default judgment and there is no estoppel by judgment until the
judgment by default has been entered.
When a judgment by default is entered, it is treated as a conclusive and final
adjudication of the issues necessary to justify the relief awarded and is given the same effect
as a judgment rendered after a trial on the merits. A judgment entered pursuant to Rule 55(b)
may be reviewed on appeal to the same extent as any other judgment; however, an order
denying a motion for a default judgment is interlocutory and not appealable. M.R.C.P. 54(a).
After entry of default by the clerk, defendant has no further standing to contest the
actual factual allegations of the plaintiff’s claim for relief. If a defendant wishes an
opportunity to challenge plaintiff’s right to recover, a defendant’s only recourse is to show
good cause for setting aside the default under Rule 55(c) and, failing that, to contest the
amount of recovery.
After entry of default by the clerk, the court must conduct an evidentiary hearing on
the record to determine damages in cases in which the plaintiff seeks unliquidated damages.
Capitol One Services, Inc. v. Rawls, 904 So. 2d 1010, 1018 (Miss. 2004). “[L]iquidated
damages are set or determined by contract, while unliquidated damages are established by
a verdict or award and cannot be determined by a fixed formula.” Id. (quoting Moeller v.
American Guar. & Liab. Ins. Co., 812 So. 2d 953, 959-60 (Miss. 2002)). Pursuant to
M.R.C.P. 54(c), a default judgment shall only order the type of relief sought in the demand
for judgment (i.e., money damages, equitable relief, etc.), and shall not order money damages
in an amount that exceeds the amount sought in the demand for judgment.
If a default has been entered, but a default judgment has not yet been entered, the
defending party may move to set aside the entry of default “[f]or good cause shown”
pursuant to M.R.C.P. 55(c). If a default judgment has been entered, the defendant may move
143
to set aside the default judgment pursuant to M.R.C.P. 60(b). The standard for setting aside
an entry of default pursuant to M.R.C.P. 55(c) is more liberal than the standard for setting
aside a default judgment pursuant to M.R.C.P. 60(b). See King v. Sigrest, 641 So. 2d 1158,
1162 (Miss. 1994).
144
RULE 56. SUMMARY JUDGMENT
(a) For Claimant. A party seeking to recover upon a claim, counter-claim, or
cross-claim, or to obtain a declaratory judgment may, at any time after the expiration of
thirty days from the commencement of the action or after service of a motion for summary
judgment by the adverse party, move with or without supporting affidavits for a summary
judgment in his favor upon all or any part thereof.
(b) For Defending Party. A party against whom a claim, counter-claim, or
cross-claim is asserted or a declaratory judgment is sought may, at any time, move with or
without supporting affidavits for a summary judgment in his favor as to all or any part
thereof.
(c) Motion and Proceedings Thereon. The motion shall be served at least ten days
before the time fixed for the hearing. The adverse party prior to the day of the hearing may
serve opposing affidavits. The judgment sought shall be rendered forthwith if the pleadings,
depositions, answers to interrogatories and admissions on file, together with the affidavits,
if any, show that there is no genuine issue as to any material fact and that the moving party
is entitled to a judgment as a matter of law. A summary judgment, interlocutory in character,
may be rendered on the issue of liability alone, although there is a genuine issue as to the
amount of damages.
(d) Case Not Fully Adjudicated on Motion. If on motion under this rule judgment
is not rendered on the whole case or for all the relief asked and a trial is necessary, the court
at the hearing of the motion, by examining the pleadings and the evidence before it and by
interrogating counsel, shall if practicable ascertain what material facts exist without
substantial controversy and what material facts are actually and in good faith controverted.
It shall thereupon make an order specifying the facts that appear without substantial
controversy, including the extent to which the amount of damages or other relief is not in
controversy, and directing such further proceedings in the action as are just. Upon the trial
of the action the facts so specified shall be deemed established, and the trial shall be
conducted accordingly.
(e) Form of Affidavits; Further Testimony; Defense Required. Supporting and
opposing affidavits shall be made on personal knowledge, shall set forth such facts as would
be admissible in evidence, and shall show affirmatively that the affiant is competent to testify
to the matter stated therein. Sworn or certified copies of all papers or parts thereof referred
to in an affidavit shall be attached thereto or served therewith. The court may permit
affidavits to be supplemented or opposed by depositions, answers to interrogatories, or
further affidavits. When a motion for summary judgment is made and supported as provided
145
in this rule, an adverse party may not rest upon the mere allegations or denials of his
pleadings, but his response, by affidavits or as otherwise provided in this rule, must set forth
specific facts showing that there is a genuine issue for trial. If he does not so respond,
summary judgment, if appropriate, shall be entered against him.
(f) When Affidavits Are Unavailable. Should it appear from the affidavits of a party
opposing the motion that he cannot for reasons stated present by affidavit facts essential to
justify his opposition, the court may refuse the application for judgment or may order a
continuance to permit affidavits to be obtained or depositions to be taken or discovery to be
had or may make such order as is just.
(g) Affidavits Made in Bad Faith. Should it appear to the satisfaction of the court
at any time that any of the affidavits presented pursuant to this rule are presented in bad faith
or solely for the purpose of delay, the court shall forthwith order the party employing them
to pay to the other party the amount of the reasonable expenses which the filing of the
affidavits caused him to incur, including reasonable attorney’s fees, and any offending party
or attorney may be adjudged guilty of contempt.
(h) Costs to Prevailing Party When Summary Judgment Denied. If summary
judgment is denied the court shall award to the prevailing party the reasonable expenses
incurred in attending the hearing of the motion and may, if it finds that the motion is without
reasonable cause, award attorneys’ fees.
Advisory Committee Notes
It is important to distinguish between a Rule 56 motion for summary judgment, a Rule
12(b)(6) motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim, and a Rule 12(c) motion for judgment
on the pleadings. When ruling on a Rule 56 motion for summary judgment, the trial court
may “pierce the pleadings” and consider extrinsic evidence, such as affidavits, depositions,
answers to interrogatories, and admissions. When ruling on a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss
for failure to state a claim, the trial court may not “pierce the pleadings” and shall only
consider the allegations contained in the pleading asserting the claim. Similarly, when ruling
on a Rule 12(c) motion on the pleadings, the trial court shall only consider the allegations
within the pleadings. If matters outside the pleadings are presented to and considered by the
trial court in connection with a motion for judgment on the pleadings or a motion to dismiss
for failure to state a claim, the trial court must treat the motion as one for summary judgment
and give all parties a reasonable opportunity to present pertinent material. See M.R.C.P. 12(b)
and (c).
146
A trial court need not make findings of fact when ruling on a motion for summary
judgment because “a Rule 56 summary judgment hearing is not an action ‘tried upon the
facts without a jury’ so as to trigger Rule 52 applicability.” See Harmon v. Regions Bank, 961
So. 2d 693, 700 (Miss. 2007). See also Uniform Rules of Circuit and County Court Practice.
Although the Court has held that an affidavit is not always required to obtain relief
under Rule 56(f), a party must “present specific facts why he cannot oppose the motion” and
must specifically demonstrate “how postponement of a ruling on the motion will enable him,
by discovery or other means, to rebut the movant’s showing.” Howarth v. M & H Ventures,
LLC, 237 So. 3d 107, 113 (Miss. 2007).
[Advisory Committee Note adopted effective July 1, 2014; amended effective January 16,
2020.]
147
RULE 57. DECLARATORY JUDGMENTS
(a) Procedure. Courts of record within their respective jurisdictions may declare
rights, status, and other legal relations regardless of whether further relief is or could be
claimed. The court may refuse to render or enter a declaratory judgment where such
judgment, if entered, would not terminate the uncertainty or controversy giving rise to the
proceeding.
The procedure for obtaining a declaratory judgment shall be in accordance with these
rules, and the right to trial by jury may be demanded under the circumstances and in the
manner provided in Rules 38 and 39. The existence of another adequate remedy does not
preclude a judgment for declaratory relief in actions where it is appropriate.
The court may order a speedy hearing of an action for declaratory judgment and may
advance it on the calendar. The judgment in a declaratory relief action may be either
affirmative or negative in form and effect.
(b) When Available.
(1) Any person interested under a deed, will, written contract, or other writings
constituting a contract, or whose rights, status, or other legal relations are affected by a
statute, municipal ordinance, contract or franchise, may have determined any question of
construction or validity arising under the instrument, statute, ordinance, contract, or
franchise, and obtain a declaration of rights, status or other legal relations thereunder.
(2) A contract may be construed either before or after there has been a breach thereof.
Where an insurer has denied or indicated that it may deny that a contract covers a party’s
claim against an insured, that party may seek a declaratory judgment construing the contract
to cover the claim.
(3) Any person interested as or through an executor, administrator, trustee guardian
or other fiduciary, creditor, devisee, legatee, heir, next of kin, or cestui que trust in the
administration of a trust, or of the estate of a decedent, an infant, insolvent, or person under
a legal disability, may have a declaration of rights or legal relations in respect thereto:
(A) to ascertain any class of creditors, devisees, legatees, heirs, next of kin or others;
or,
(B) to direct the executors, administrators, or trustees, to do or abstain from doing any
particular act in their fiduciary capacity; or,
148
(C) to determine any question arising in the administration of the estate or trust,
including questions of construction of wills and other writings.
(4) The enumeration in subdivisions (1), (2) and (3) of this rule does not limit or
restrict the exercise of the general powers stated in paragraph (a) in any proceeding where
declaratory relief is sought in which a judgment will terminate the controversy or remove an
uncertainty.
[Amended effective July 27, 2000.]
Advisory Committee Notes
A plaintiff may ask for a declaratory judgment either as sole relief or in addition or
auxiliary to other relief, and a defendant may similarly counterclaim therefor. Thus the court
is not limited only to remedial relief for acts already committed or losses already incurred;
it may either substitute or add preventive and declaratory relief. It may be sought upon either
legal or equitable claims and the right to jury trial is fully preserved as in civil actions
generally.
Absent extraordinary circumstances, the failure to order separate trials in order to
avoid putting the issue of insurance before the jury which tries liability and damages as
between the insured and the injured party will be deemed an abuse of discretion.
149
RULE 58. ENTRY OF JUDGMENT
Every judgment shall be set forth on a separate document which bears the title of
“Judgment.” However, a judgment which fully adjudicates the claim as to all parties and
which has been entered as provided in M.R.C.P. 79(a) shall, in the absence of prejudice to
a party, have the force and finality of a judgment even if it is not properly titled. A judgment
shall be effective only when entered as provided in M.R.C.P. 79(a).
[Amended effective July 1, 2001; amended effective May 27, 2004 to address finality of
improperly titled judgment.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1994, a new Rule 58 was adopted. 632-635 So.2d XXXII-XXXIII
(West Miss.Cases 1994).
[Adopted August 21, 1996.]
Advisory Committee Notes
The “entry” of the judgment is the ministerial notation of the judgment by the clerk
of the court pursuant to Rules 58 and 79(a); however, it is crucial to the effectiveness of the
judgment and for measuring time periods for appeal and the filing of various motions.
The date of entry of judgment is significant because certain post-trial motions must
be filed within 10 days after entry of judgment. They include: (i) a motion for j.n.o.v.
pursuant to M.R.C.P. 50(b); (ii) a motion to amend findings or make additional findings of
fact pursuant to M.R.C.P. 52(b); (iii) a motion for new trial pursuant to M.R.C.P. 59; and (iv)
a motion to alter or amend the judgment pursuant to M.R.C.P. 59(e). The trial court may not
extend the 10-day period in which to file these post-trial motions. M.R.C.P. 6 (b). The time
in which certain Rule 60(b) motions must be made also begins after entry of judgment.
In addition, M.R.A.P. 4(a) provides that a notice of appeal from a final judgment in
chancery court or circuit court (one that resolves all claims among all parties) shall be filed
within 30 days after entry of judgment. If a party files: (i) a motion for j.n.o.v. pursuant to
M.R.C.P. 50(b); (ii) a motion to amend findings or make additional findings of fact pursuant
to M.R.C.P. 52(b); (iii) a motion for new trial pursuant to M.R.C.P. 59; (iv) a motion to alter
or amend the judgment pursuant to M.R.C.P. 59(e); or (v) a motion for relief pursuant to
M.R.C.P. 60 within 10 days after entry of judgment, the time for appeal runs from the entry
150
of the order disposing of the last such outstanding motion rather than the entry of judgment.
See M.R.A.P. 4(d).
[Advisory Committee Note adopted effective July 1, 2014, amended effective January 16,
2020.]
151
RULE 59. NEW TRIALS; AMENDMENT OF JUDGMENTS
(a) Grounds. A new trial may be granted to all or any of the parties and on all or part
of the issues (1) in an action in which there has been a trial by jury, for any of the reasons for
which new trials have heretofore been granted in actions at law in the courts of Mississippi;
and (2) in an action tried without a jury, for any of the reasons for which rehearings have
heretofore been granted in suits in equity in the courts of Mississippi.
On a motion for a new trial in an action without a jury, the court may open the
judgment if one has been entered, take additional testimony, amend findings of fact and
conclusions of law or make new findings and conclusions, and direct the entry of a new
judgment.
(b) Time for Motion. A motion for a new trial shall be filed not later than ten days
after the entry of judgment.
(c) Time for Serving Affidavits. When a motion for new trial is based upon
affidavits they shall be filed with the motion. The opposing party has ten days after service
to file opposing affidavits, which period may be extended for up to twenty days either by the
court for good cause shown or by the parties’ written stipulation. The court may permit reply
affidavits.
(d) On Initiative of Court. Not later than ten days after entry of judgment the court
may on its own initiative order a new trial for any reason for which it might have granted a
new trial on motion of a party. After giving the parties notice and an opportunity to be heard
on the matter, the court may grant a timely motion for a new trial for a reason not stated in
the motion. In either case, the court shall specify in the order the grounds therefor.
(e) Motion to Alter or Amend a Judgment. A motion to alter or amend the
judgment shall be filed not later than ten days after entry of the judgment.
[Amended effective July 1, 1997.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1997, Rule 59(b), (c) and (e) were amended to clarify that motions
for a new trial and accompanying affidavits, and motions to alter or amend a judgment, must
be filed not later that ten days after entry of judgment. 689 So. 2d XLIX (West Miss. Cases).
152
Advisory Committee Notes
In jury trials, the trial court may grant a new trial based upon a prejudicial error by the
court in the admission or exclusion of evidence, an error in the jury instructions, prejudicial
comments by the judge or attorneys, a finding that the verdict is against the great weight of
the evidence, a finding that the jury’s verdict is the result of passion, prejudice or bias, or any
grounds upon which new trials were granted in actions at law prior to the adoption of these
rules. A trial court’s ruling on a motion for new trial is reviewed for abuse of discretion.
Although “[i]t is clearly better practice to include all potential assignments of error
in a motion for new trial,…when the assignment of error is based on an issue which has been
decided by the trial court and duly recorded in the court reporter’s transcript, such as the
omission or exclusion of evidence, [the appellate court] may consider it regardless of whether
it was raised in the motion for new trial.” See Kiddy v. Lipscomb, 628 So. 2d 1355, 1359
(Miss. 1993).
The rule does not authorize a motion for reconsideration after entry of judgment. If
a motion is mislabeled as a motion for reconsideration and was filed within ten days after the
entry of judgment, the trial court should treat such motion as a post-trial motion to alter or
amend the judgment pursuant to M.R.C.P. 59(e). Boyles v. Schlumberger Tech. Corp., 792
So. 2d 262, 265 (Miss. 2001). A party moving to alter or amend the judgment “must show:
(i) an intervening change in controlling law, (ii) availability of new evidence not previously
available, or (iii) need to correct a clear error of law to prevent manifest injustice.” See
Brooks v. Robertson, 882 So. 2d 229, 233 (Miss. 2004). A motion to alter or amend the
judgment is within the trial court’s discretion. When a motion is mislabeled as a motion for
reconsideration, does not state that it was brought pursuant to Rule 59, and was filed more
than ten days after the entry of the final judgment in the case, the trial court should treat such
motion as one for relief from a judgment pursuant to Rule 60(b). See Carlisle v. Allen, 40 So.
3d 1252, 1260 (Miss. 2010).
A motion for new trial or a motion to alter or amend the judgment made pursuant to
M.R.C.P. 59 must be filed within 10 days after entry of the judgment. The trial court has no
authority or discretion to extend the 10-day time period. M.R.C.P. 6(b). A timely Rule 59
motion for a new trial or to alter or amend the judgment tolls the time in which to file a
notice of appeal; the thirty-day time period in which to file a notice of appeal runs from the
entry of the order disposing of the post-trial motion. M.R.A.P. 4(c). If not filed within ten
days after entry of the judgment, a Rule 59 motion for a new trial, to alter or amend the
judgment, or for reconsideration does not toll the time period in which to file a notice of
appeal. M.R.A.P. 4(d); but see Wilburn v. Wilburn, 991 So. 2d 1185, 1190-191 (Miss. 2008)
(Court refused to address the timeliness of appellant’s notice of appeal even though appellant
153
filed a motion to reconsider more than ten days after entry of judgment and did not file a
notice of appeal within thirty days after the entry of judgment, noting that the appellee did
not object to the untimely motion to reconsider.)
In a case tried without a jury, a party may move the court to amend its findings of fact
or make additional findings of fact pursuant to M.R.C.P. 52(b). The motion must be filed
within ten days after entry of judgment. Upon a timely motion, the court may amend its
findings or make additional findings and amend its judgment accordingly.
A motion for relief from a final judgment pursuant to M.R.C.P. 60(b) is different from
a motion to alter or amend the judgment pursuant to M.R.C.P. 59(e) in that a change in the
law after entry of final judgment is not an “extraordinary or compelling circumstance”
warranting relief pursuant to M.R.C.P. 60(b). See Regan v. S. Cent. Reg’l Med. Ctr., 47 So.
3d 651, 655 (Miss. 2010). Relief pursuant to Rule 60(b)(6) is reserved for cases involving
“exceptional and compelling circumstances” in light of the desire to achieve finality in
litigation. See id.
[Advisory Committee Note adopted effective July 1, 2014, amended effective January 16,
2020.]
154
RULE 60. RELIEF FROM JUDGMENT OR ORDER
(a) Clerical Mistakes. Clerical mistakes in judgments, orders, or other parts of the
record and errors therein arising from oversight or omission may be corrected by the court
at any time on its own initiative or on the motion of any party and after such notice, if any,
as the court orders up until the time the record is transmitted by the clerk of the trial court to
the appellate court and the action remains pending therein. Thereafter, such mistakes may
be so corrected only with leave of the appellate court.
(b) Mistakes; Inadvertence; Newly Discovered Evidence; Fraud, etc. On motion
and upon such terms as are just, the court may relieve a party or his legal representative from
a final judgment, order, or proceeding for the following reasons:
(1) fraud, misrepresentation, or other misconduct of an adverse party;
(2) accident or mistake;
(3) newly discovered evidence which by due diligence could not have been discovered
in time to move for a new trial under Rule 59(b);
(4) the judgment is void;
(5) the judgment has been satisfied, released, or discharged, or a prior judgment upon
which it is based has been reversed or otherwise vacated, or it is no longer equitable that the
judgment should have prospective application;
(6) any other reason justifying relief from the judgment.
The motion shall be made within a reasonable time, and for reasons (1), (2) and (3)
not more than six months after the judgment, order, or proceeding was entered or taken. A
motion under this subdivision does not affect the finality of a judgment or suspend its
operation. Leave to make the motion need not be obtained from the appellate court unless the
record has been transmitted to the appellate court and the action remains pending therein.
This rule does not limit the power of a court to entertain an independent action to relieve a
party from a judgment, order, or proceeding, or to set aside a judgment for fraud upon the
court. Writs of coram nobis, coram vobis, audita querela, and bills of review and bills in the
nature of a bill of review, are abolished. The procedure for obtaining any relief from a
judgment shall be by motion as prescribed in these rules or by an independent action and not
otherwise.
155
(c) Reconsideration of transfer order. An order transferring a case to another court
will become effective ten (10) days following the date of entry of the order. Any motion for
reconsideration of the transfer order must be filed prior to the expiration of the 10-day period,
for which no extensions may be granted. If a motion for reconsideration is filed, all
proceedings will be stayed until such time as the motion is ruled upon; however, if the
transferor court fails to rule on the motion for reconsideration within thirty (30) days of the
date of filing, the motion shall be deemed denied.
[Amended effective July 1, 2008, to provide for reconsideration of transfer orders entered
on or after that date.]
Advisory Committee Notes
The trial court may grant relief from a judgment or order to correct clerical errors
pursuant to Rule 60(a), or for other reasons enumerated in Rule 60(b). The trial court may
correct clerical errors at any time, but if the case is on appeal and the trial court clerk has
transmitted the record to the appellate court, the trial court must obtain leave from the
appellate court before correcting any clerical mistakes. Motions for relief from a judgment
or order based upon one of the reasons enumerated in Rule 60(b) must be made within a
reasonable time, and in some cases, not more than six months after the judgment or order was
entered.
Rule 60(a) only authorizes the trial court to correct clerical errors; it does not
authorize any changes to the judgment that are substantive and change the effect or intent of
the original judgment. See Whitney Nat’l Bank v. Smith, 613 So. 2d 312, 316 (Miss. 1993).
When ruling upon a Rule 60(b) motion, the trial court should balance the litigant’s
interest in a resolution on the merits of the motion with the desire to achieve finality in
litigation. See Stringfellow v. Stringfellow, 451 So. 2d 219, 221 (Miss. 1984). Rule 60(b)
motions that attempt to merely relitigate the case should be denied. Id.
A party moving for relief pursuant to Rule 60(b)(1) based upon fraud,
misrepresentation or other misconduct of an adverse party must do so within six months after
entry of the judgment and must prove the fraud, misrepresentation or other misconduct by
clear and convincing evidence. See Stringfellow, 451 So. 2d at 221. Relief from a final
judgment based upon fraud upon the court may be sought pursuant to Rule 60(b)(6). See In
re Estate of Pearson, 25 So. 3d 392, 395 (Miss. Ct. App. 2009). “[R]elief based on ‘fraud
upon the court’ is reserved for only the most egregious misconduct, and requires a showing
of ‘an unconscionable plan or scheme which is designed to improperly influence the court
156
in its decision.’” Id. (citing Wilson v. Johns-Manville Sales Corp., 873 F.2d 869, 872 (5th
Cir. 1989)).
A party moving for relief pursuant to Rule 60(b)(2) based upon accident or mistake
must do so within six months after entry of the judgment. A Rule 60(b)(2) motion will only
be granted upon a showing of exceptional circumstances. Generally, “neither ignorance nor
carelessness on the part of an attorney will provide grounds for relief.” See Stringfellow, 451
So. 2d at 221.
A party may move to set aside a default judgment pursuant to Rule 60(b)(2). When
ruling on such a motion, the trial court may consider: (1) whether the default was caused by
excusable neglect or a bona fide technical error; (2) whether the claimant will suffer
prejudice if the default judgment is set aside; and (3) whether the defaulting party has a
colorable defense to the merits. See State Highway Comm’n of Miss. v. Hyman, 592 So. 2d
952, 955 (Miss. 1991).
A party moving for relief pursuant to Rule 60(b)(3) based upon newly discovered
evidence must do so within six months after entry of the judgment. To justify relief, the
evidence: (i) must have been in existence at the time of trial; (ii) could not have been
discovered by due diligence prior to the expiration of the ten-day period in which a Rule 59
motion for new trial could have been filed; (iii) must be material and not cumulative; and (iv)
must be of such character as to probably produce a different result in the event of a new trial
or be of such character as to require a different ruling on summary judgment. See January
v. Barnes, 621 So. 2d 915, 920 (Miss. 1992).
A party may move to set aside a void judgment pursuant to Rule 60(b)(4) more than
six months after entry of the judgment if the delay in moving for relief was reasonable. See
Ladner v. Logan, 857 So. 2d 764, 770 (Miss. 2003). A judgment is void if the trial court
lacked jurisdiction over the subject matter or the parties or acted in a manner inconsistent
with due process of law. See Bryant, Inc. v. Walters, 493 So. 2d 933, 938 (Miss. 1986).
A party may move to set aside the judgment pursuant to Rule 60(b)(5) if the judgment
has been satisfied, released or discharged or a prior judgment upon which it is based has been
reversed or otherwise vacated. Rule 60(b)(5), however, “does not authorize relief from a
judgment on the ground that the law applied by the court in making its adjudication has been
subsequently overruled or declared erroneous in another and unrelated proceeding.” See
Regan v. S. Cent. Reg’l Med. Ctr., 47 So. 3d 651, 655 (Miss. 2010).
A party may move to set aside the judgment pursuant to Rule 60(b)(6) if there are
“extraordinary and compelling” circumstances justifying relief. When ruling on a Rule
157
60(b)(6) motion, the trial court may consider the following factors: “(1) [t]hat final
judgments should not lightly be disturbed; (2) that the Rule 60(b) motion is not to be used
as a substitute for appeal; (3) that the rule should be liberally construed in order to achieve
substantial justice; (4) whether the motion was made within a reasonable time; (5) [omitted
factor relevant only to default judgments]; (6) whether if the judgment was rendered after a
trial on the merits-the movant had a fair opportunity to present his claim or defense; (7)
whether there are intervening equities that would make it inequitable to grant relief; and (8)
any other factors relevant to the justice of the judgment under attack.” See Carpenter v.
Berry, 58 So. 3d 1158, 1162 (Miss. 2011).
The trial court has discretion to grant or deny a Rule 60(b) motion, unless the
judgment is void, in which case the court is required to set aside the judgment. See Sartain
v. White, 588 So. 2d 204, 211 (Miss. 1991).
Motions for relief under this rule are filed in the original action, rather than as an
independent action.
Rule 60 motions for relief from a judgment filed no later than ten days after entry of
judgment toll the time period in which an appeal may be taken. M.R.A.P. 4(d). Rule 60
motions filed more than ten days after entry of judgment do not toll the time period in which
an appeal may be taken. A Rule 60(b) motion for relief from a judgment does not
automatically stay execution upon the judgment. The trial court has discretion to stay
execution upon the judgment while a Rule 60(b) motion is pending. M.R.C.P. 62(b).
Ordinarily, the filing of a notice of appeal transfers jurisdiction from the trial court to
the appellate court. Rule 60, however, confers limited concurrent jurisdiction to the trial court
to grant relief under Rule 60(a) and (b) even if a notice of appeal has been filed. If the record
on appeal has been transmitted to the appellate court, then leave must be obtained from the
appellate court to make corrections to a judgment or order pursuant to Rule 60(a) or to move
for relief under Rule 60(b). McNeese v, McNeese, 129 So. 3d 125, 128 (Miss. 2013); Griffin
v. Armana, 679 So. 2d 1049, 1050 (Miss. 1996); Ward v. Foster, 517 So. 2d 513
(Miss. 1987).
[Advisory Committee Note adopted effective July 1, 2014; amended effective January 16,
2020.]
158
RULE 61. HARMLESSS ERROR
No error in either the admission or the exclusion of evidence and no error in any
ruling or order or in anything done or omitted by the court or by any of the parties is ground
for granting a new trial or for setting aside a verdict or for vacating, modifying, or otherwise
disturbing a judgment or order, unless refusal to take such action appears to the court
inconsistent with substantial justice. The court at every stage of the proceeding must
disregard any error or defect in the proceeding which does not affect the substantial rights
of the parties.
159
RULE 62. STAY OF PROCEEDINGS TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT
(a) Automatic Stay; Exceptions. Except as stated herein or as otherwise provided
by statute or by order of the court for good cause shown, no execution shall be issued upon
a judgment nor shall proceedings be taken for its enforcement until the expiration of ten days
after the later of its entry or the disposition of a motion for a new trial. Unless otherwise
ordered by the court, an interlocutory or final judgment in an action for an injunction or in
a receivership action shall not be stayed during the period after its entry and until an appeal
is taken or during the pendency of an appeal. The provisions of subdivision (c) of this rule
govern the suspending, modifying, restoring, or granting of an injunction during the
pendency of an appeal.
(b) Stay on Motion. In its discretion and on such conditions for the security of the
adverse party as are proper, the court may stay the execution of or any proceedings to enforce
a judgment pending the disposition of a motion to alter or amend a judgment made pursuant
to Rule 59, or of a motion for relief from a judgment or order made pursuant to Rule 60(b),
or of a motion to set aside a verdict made pursuant to Rule 50(b), or of a motion for
amendment to the findings or for additional finding made pursuant to Rule 52(b).
(c) Injunction Pending Appeal. When an interlocutory or final judgment has been
rendered granting, dissolving, or denying an injunction, the court in its discretion may
suspend, modify, restore, or grant an injunction during the pendency of an appeal from such
judgment upon such terms as to bond or otherwise as it considers proper for the security of
the rights of the adverse party. The power of the court to make such an order is not
terminated by the taking of the appeal.
(d) Stay Upon Appeal. When an appeal is taken, the appellant, when and as
authorized by statute or otherwise, may obtain a stay subject to the exceptions contained in
subdivision (a) of this rule.
(e) [Omitted].
(f) Stay in Favor of the State of Mississippi or Agency Thereof. When an appeal
is taken by the State of Mississippi or an officer or agency thereof or by direction of any
department of the government of same and the operation or enforcement of the judgment is
stayed, no bond, obligation, or other security shall be required of the appellant.
(g) Power of Appellate Court Not Limited. The provisions in this rule do not limit
any power of an appellate court or of a judge or justice thereof to stay proceedings during the
pendency of an appeal or to suspend, modify, restore, or grant an injunction during the
160
pendency of an appeal or to make any order appropriate to preserve the status quo or the
effectiveness of the judgment subsequently to be entered.
(h) Stay of Judgment Upon Multiple Claims or as to Multiple Parties. When a
court has ordered a final judgment under the conditions stated in Rule 54(b), the court may
stay enforcement of that judgment until the entering of a subsequent judgment or judgments
and may prescribe such conditions as are necessary to secure the benefit thereof to the party
in whose favor the judgment is entered.
[Amended effective July 1, 1997.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1997, Rule 62(a) was amended to clarify that the stay of enforcement
of a judgment expires ten days after the later of the entry of the judgment or the disposition
of a motion for a new trial, and Rule 62(b) was amended to state that a court may stay the
execution of or any proceedings to enforce a judgment pending the disposition of a motion
to set aside a verdict made pursuant to Rule 50(b). 689-692 So. 2d XLIX (West Miss. Cas.
1997).
Advisory Committee Notes
Subdivision (e) of the Federal Rules applies to stays in favor of the United States; it
is omitted from the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure.
161
RULE 63. JUDGE’S INABILITY TO PROCEED
(a) During Trial. If for any reason the judge before whom an action has been
commenced is unable to proceed with the trial, another judge regularly sitting in or assigned
under law to the court in which the action is pending may proceed with and finish the trial
upon certifying in the record that he has familiarized himself with the record of the trial; but
if such other judge is satisfied that he cannot adequately familiarize himself with the record,
he may in his discretion grant a new trial.
(b) After Verdict or Findings. If for any reason the judge before whom an action
has been tried is unable to perform the duties to be performed by the court after a verdict is
returned, or after the hearing of a nonjury action, then any other judge regularly sitting in or
assigned under law to the court in which the action was tried may perform those duties; but
if such other judge is satisfied that he cannot perform those duties, he may in his discretion
grant a new trial.
[Amended effective July 1, 2020.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 2020, the caption for Rule 62 was amended to refer to a judge’s
inability to proceed rather than a judge’s disability.
162
CHAPTER VIII. PROVISIONAL AND FINAL
REMEDIES AND SPECIAL PROCEEDINGS
RULE 64. SEIZURE OF PERSON OR PROPERTY
At the commencement of and during the course of an action, all remedies providing
for the seizure of person or property for the purpose of securing satisfaction of the judgment
ultimately to be entered in the action are available under the circumstances and in the manner
provided by law. These remedies include attachment, replevin, claim and delivery,
sequestration and other corresponding or equivalent remedies, however designated and
regardless of whether the remedy is ancillary to an action or must be obtained by an
independent action.
[Amended effective September 1, 1987.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective September 1, 1987, Rule 64 was amended by deleting “garnishment” as a
prejudgment remedy included in the provisions of the Rule. 508-511 So. 2d XXIX (West
Miss. Cas. 1987).
163
RULE 65. INJUNCTIONS
(a) Preliminary Injunction.
(1) Notice. No preliminary injunction shall be issued without notice to the adverse
party.
(2) Consolidation of Hearing With Trial on Merits. Before or after the
commencement of the hearing on application for a preliminary injunction, the court may
order the trial of the action on the merits to be advanced and consolidated with the hearing
of the application. Even when this consolidation is not ordered, any evidence received upon
an application for a preliminary injunction which would be admissible upon the trial on the
merits becomes part of the record on the trial and need not be repeated upon a trial. This
subdivision (a)(2) shall be so construed and applied as to save to the parties any rights they
may have to trial by jury.
(b) Temporary Restraining Order; Notice; Hearing; Duration. A temporary
restraining order may be granted, without notice to the adverse party or his attorney if (1) it
clearly appears from specific facts shown by affidavit or by the verified complaint that
immediate and irreparable injury, loss or damage will result to the applicant before the
adverse party or his attorney can be heard in opposition, and (2) the applicant’s attorney
certifies to the court in writing the efforts, if any, which have been made to give the notice
and reasons supporting his claim that notice should not be required. Every temporary
restraining order granted without notice shall be endorsed with the date and hour of issuance;
shall be filed forthwith in the clerk’s office and entered of record; shall define the injury and
state why it is irreparable and why the order was granted without notice; and shall expire by
its terms within such time after entry, not to exceed ten days, as the court fixes (except in
domestic relations cases, when the ten-day limitation shall not apply), unless within the time
so fixed the order for good cause shown is extended for a like period or unless the party
against whom the order is directed consents that it may be extended for a longer period. The
reasons for the extension shall be stated in the order.
In case a temporary restraining order is granted without notice, the motion for a
preliminary injunction shall be set down for hearing at the earliest possible time and take
precedence over all matters except older matters of the same character. When the motion
comes on for hearing the party who obtained the temporary restraining order shall proceed
with the application for a preliminary injunction and, if he does not do so, the court shall
dissolve the temporary restraining order.
164
On two days’ notice to the party who obtained the temporary restraining order without
notice or on such shorter notice to that party as the court may prescribe, the adverse party
may appear and move its dissolution or modification and in that event the court shall proceed
to hear and determine such motion as expeditiously as the ends of justice require.
(c) Security. No restraining order or preliminary injunction shall issue except upon
the giving of security by the applicant, in such sum as the court deems proper, for the
payment of such costs, damages, and reasonable attorney’s fees as may be incurred or
suffered by any party who is found to have been wrongfully enjoined or restrained; provided,
however, no such security shall be required of the State of Mississippi or of an officer or
agency thereof, and provided further, in the discretion of the court, security may not be
required in domestic relations actions. The provisions of Rule 65.1 apply to a surety upon
a bond or undertaking under this rule.
(d) Form and Scope of Injunction or Restraining Order.
(1) Every order granting a restraining order shall describe in reasonable detail and not
by reference to the complaint or other document the act or acts sought to be restrained; it is
binding only upon the parties to the action, their officers, agents, servants, employees, and
attorneys, and upon those persons in active concert or participation with them who receive
actual notice of the order by personal service or otherwise.
(2) Every order granting an injunction shall set forth the reasons for its issuance; shall
be specific in terms; shall describe in reasonable detail and not by reference to the complaint
or other document the act or acts sought to be restrained; and is binding only upon the parties
to the action, their officers, agents, servants, employees, and attorneys, and upon those
persons in active concert or participation with them who receive actual notice of the order
by personal service or otherwise.
(e) Jurisdiction Unaffected. Injunctive powers heretofore vested in the circuit and
chancery courts remain unchanged by this rule.
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 65 authorizes parties to seek temporary restraining orders (TROs) and
preliminary injunctions in civil cases in which permanent injunctive relief or other relief is
being sought. A party may move for, and in appropriate circumstances, obtain a TRO and/or
a preliminary injunction before the merits of the case are resolved.
165
Generally, the purpose of a TRO is to provide temporary short term relief until further
action can be taken in the case. To obtain a TRO without notice to the adverse party, the
party seeking relief must show, by affidavit or verified complaint, that it will suffer
immediate and irreparable injury before the adverse party can be heard in opposition. In
addition, the attorney for the party seeking the TRO must certify to the court in writing the
efforts made to give the adverse party notice and the reasons why the notice to the adverse
party should not be required. If a TRO is granted without notice, it must contain the
information required by Rule 65(b) and it must expire by its terms, not more than 10 days
after its entry, except in domestic relations cases. Before its expiration, a TRO may be
extended by the court for a like period if the restrained party consents or the court extends
the TRO for good cause shown.
The purpose of a preliminary injunction is to provide injunctive relief until the merits
of the case are resolved. Preliminary injunctions cannot be granted without notice. A party
moving for preliminary injunctive relief pursuant to Rule 65(a) must demonstrate that “(i)
there exists a substantial likelihood that the [movant] will prevail on the merits; (ii) the
injunction is necessary to prevent irreparable harm; (iii) the threatened injury to the [movant]
outweighs the harm an injunction might do to the [opposing party]; and (iv) granting a
preliminary injunction is consistent with the public interest.” See Littleton v. McAdams, 60
So. 3d 169, 171 (Miss. 2011). Motions for preliminary injunctions are within the trial court’s
discretion. See City of Durant v. Humphreys County Mem’l Hosp., 587 So. 2d 244, 250
(Miss. 1991).
Rule 65 (c) requires that proper security be given by the movant obtaining a TRO or
preliminary injunction so that proper payment for costs, damages and reasonable attorneys’
fees may be made to the restrained party in the event it is determined that such party was
wrongfully enjoined or restrained. Such security is not required from the State of Mississippi
and may be waived in domestic relations cases. Mississippi Code Annotated §11-13-37
provides an independent statutory basis for awarding damages and attorneys’ fees upon
dissolution of an injunction.
County courts have some authority to issue injunctive relief. Mississippi Code
Annotated §9-9-21 provides that county courts “shall have jurisdiction concurrent with the
circuit and chancery courts in all matters of law and equity wherein the amount of value of
the things in controversy shall not exceeds…the sum of …$200,000.00.” Mississippi Code
Annotated §99-9-23 provides that county courts “shall have the power to order the issuances
of writs of certiorari, supersedeas, attachments, and other remedial writs in all cases pending
in, or within the jurisdiction of, [the county court].” Section 9-9-23, however, further
provides that county courts “shall not have original power to issue writs of injunction, or
other remedial writs of equity or in law except in those cases hereinabove specified as being
166
within [the court’s] jurisdiction.” The statutes have been interpreted as authorizing county
courts to issue injunctions in cases falling within the concurrent jurisdiction of the chancery
and county court. See, e.g., Lee v. Coahoma Opportunities, Inc., 485 So. 2d 293, 294 (Miss.
1986) (citing Miss. Code Ann. §9-9-21(1)) (“A claim for specific performance of a contract
of employment plus attendant injunctive relief is well within the jurisdiction of the county
court on its equity side”); Swan v. Hill, 855 So. 2d 459, 462-63 (Miss. Ct. App. 2003)
(holding that the county court had jurisdiction to issue injunctive relief in a case involving
property rights).
167
65.1 SECURITY: PROCEEDINGS AGAINST SURETIES
Whenever these rules require or permit the giving of security by a party, and security
is given in the form of a bond or stipulation or other undertaking with one or more sureties,
each surety submits himself to the jurisdiction of the court and irrevocably appoints the clerk
of the court as his agent upon whom any papers affecting the liability on the bond or
undertaking may be served. His liability may be enforced on motion without the necessity
of an independent action. The motion and such notice of the motion as the court prescribes
may be served on the clerk of the court, who shall forthwith mail copies to the suretiess if
their addresses are known.
168
RULE 66. RECEIVERS
An action wherein a receiver has been appointed shall not be dismissed except by
order of the court. In all other respects the action in which the appointment of a receiver is
sought or which is brought by or against a receiver is governed by these rules.
169
RULE 67. DEPOSIT IN COURT
In any action in which any part of the relief sought is judgment for a sum of money
or the disposition of any other thing capable of delivery, a party, upon notice to every other
party, and by leave of court, may deposit with the court all or any part of such sum or thing.
Where money is paid into court to abide the result of any legal proceeding, the judge
may order it deposited at interest in a federally insured bank or savings and loan association
authorized to receive public funds, to the credit of the court in the action or proceeding in
which the money was paid. The money so deposited plus any interest shall be paid only upon
the check of the clerk of the court, annexed with its certified order for the payment, and in
favor of the person to whom the order directs the payment to be made.
170
RULE 68. OFFER OF JUDGMENT
At any time more than fifteen days before the trial begins, a party defending against
a claim may serve upon the adverse party an offer to allow judgment to be taken against him
for the money or property or to the effect specified in his offer, with costs then accrued. If
within ten days after the service of the offer the adverse party serves written notice that the
offer is accepted, either party may then file the offer and notice of acceptance together with
proof of service thereof and thereupon the court shall enter judgment. An offer not accepted
shall be deemed withdrawn and evidence thereof is not admissible except in a proceeding to
determine costs. If the judgment finally obtained by the offeree is not more favorable than
the offer, the offeree must pay the cost incurred after the making of the offer. The fact that
an offer is made but not accepted does not preclude a subsequent offer. When the liability
of one party to another has been determined by verdict, order or judgment, but the amount
or extent of the liability remains to be determined by further proceedings, the party adjudged
liable may make an offer of judgment, which shall have the same effect as an offer made
before trial if it is served within a reasonable time, not less than ten days, prior to the
commencement of hearing to determine the amount or extent of liability.
171
RULE 69. EXECUTION
(a) Enforcement of Judgment. Process to enforce a judgment for the payment of
money shall be by such procedures as are provided by statute. The procedure on execution,
in proceedings supplementary to and in aid of judgment, and in proceedings on and in aid of
execution, shall be as provided by statute.
(b) Examination by Judgment Creditor. To aid in the satisfaction of a judgment
of more than one hundred dollars, the judgment creditor may examine the judgment debtor
or any other person, including the books, papers, or documents of same, upon any matter not
privileged relating to the debtor’s property.
The judgment creditor may examine the judgment debtor or other person in open court
as provided by statute or may utilize the discovery procedures stated in Rules 26 through 37
hereof.
172
RULE 70. JUDGMENT FOR SPECIFIC ACTS;
VESTING TITLE
(a) Specific Acts. If a judgment directs a party to execute a conveyance of land or to
deliver deeds or other documents or to perform any other specific act and the party fails to
comply within the time specified, the court may direct the act to be done at the cost of the
disobedient party by some other person appointed by the court and the act when so done has
like effect as if done by the party.
(b) Divestment of Title. If real or personal property is within the State of Mississippi,
the court in lieu of directing a conveyance thereof may enter a judgment divesting the title
of any party and vesting it in others; such judgment has the effect of a conveyance executed
in due form of law.
(c) Delivery of Possession. When any order or judgment is for the delivery of
possession, a certified copy of the judgment or order shall be sufficient authority for the
sheriff of the county in which the property is located to seize same and deliver it to the party
entitled to its possession.
(d) Contempt. The court may also in proper cases adjudge the party in contempt.
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 70 applies only after judgment is entered; Rules 6 and 65 provide for remedies
prior to judgment. Rule 70 applies only if a judgment directs a party to execute a conveyance
of land or to deliver deeds or other documents to perform only other specific acts and the
party has failed to comply within the time specified.
173
RULE 71. PROCESS IN BEHALF OF AND AGAINST
PERSONS NOT PARTIES
When an order is made in favor of a person who is not a party to the action, other than
a creditor of a party to a divorce proceeding, he may enforce obedience to the order by the
same process as if he were a party; and when obedience to an order may be lawfully enforced
against a person who is not a party, he is liable to the same process for enforcing obedience
to the order as if he were a party.
Advisory Committee Notes
A court order may be enforced by a non-party if the non-party shares an identity of
interest with the prevailing party. For example, an assignee of a prevailing party in a case
concerning title to property is entitled to enforce a judgment in the same manner as the party
assignor. Similarly, a judgment may be against a person who is the successor in interest to
a party, but the court must first obtain personal jurisdiction on the successor in interest. See,
e.g., Mansour v. Charmax Ind., Inc., 680 So. 2d 852, 855 (Miss. 1996) (holding that service
of process is requirement to personal jurisdiction before Rule 71 can be applied); Libutti v.
U.S., 178 F.3d 114, 124-25 (2d Cir. 1999) (holding that the court must have personal
jurisdiction over the non-party against whom the judgment is enforced).
174
RULE 71A. EMINENT DOMAIN [OMITTED]
175
CHAPTER IX. APPEALS
RULES 72 TO 76. [OMITTED]
176
CHAPTER X. COURTS AND CLERKS
RULE 77. COURTS AND CLERKS
(a) Court Always Open. The courts shall be deemed always open for the purposes
of filing any pleading or other proper paper, of issuing and returning process, and of making
and directing all interlocutory motions, orders, and rules.
(b) Trials and Hearings; Orders in Chambers. All trials upon the merits shall be
conducted in open court, except as otherwise provided by statute. All other acts or
proceedings may be done or conducted by a judge in chambers, without the attendance of the
clerk or other court officials and at any place within the state either within or without the
district; but no hearing shall be conducted outside the district without the consent of all
parties affected thereby.
(c) Clerk’s Office and Orders by Clerk. The clerk’s office with the clerk or a
deputy clerk in attendance shall be open during business hours on all days except Saturdays,
Sundays, and legal holidays. All motions and applications to the clerk for issuing process,
for issuing process to enforce and execute judgments, for entering defaults, and for other
proceedings which do not require allowance or order of the court are grantable of course by
the clerk; but his action may be suspended or altered or rescinded by the court upon cause
shown.
(d) Notice of Orders or Judgments. Immediately upon the entry of an order or
judgment the clerk shall serve a notice of the entry in the manner provided for in Rule 5 upon
each party who is not in default for failure to appear, and shall make a note in the docket of
the service. Any party may in addition serve a notice of such entry in the manner provided
in Rule 5 for the service of papers. Lack of notice of the entry by the clerk does not affect
the time to appeal, nor relieve, nor authorize the court to relieve, a party for failure to appeal
within the time allowed, except as permitted by the Mississippi Rules of Appellate
Procedure.
[Amended effective July 1, 1997.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective July 1, 1997, Rule 77(d) was amended to allow for service of notices of the
entry of orders and judgments by parties. 689-692 So. 2d LXII (West Miss. Cas. 1997.)
177
Effective February 1, 1990, Rule 77 was amended by adding subsection (d), requiring
the clerk of the court to give notice of the entry of orders and judgments to the interested
parties. 553-556 So. 2d XLII (West Miss. Cas. 1990).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 77(a) provides that the courts shall be deemed always open for the purpose of
filing papers and issuing and returning process and making motions and orders. This does
not mean that the office of the clerk must be physically open at all hours or that the filing of
papers can be effected by leaving them in a closed or vacant office. Under Rule 5(e)(1)
papers may be filed out of business hours by delivering them to the clerk or to the judge if
he or she permits. See Miss. Const. § 24 (all courts shall be open).
Rule 77(b) requires that the “all trials upon the merits” be conducted in “open court”;
all other acts or proceedings may be done or conducted by a judge “in chambers,” without
the necessity of the attendance of the clerk or other court official and at any place within the
state. However, no hearing, other than one heard ex parte, shall be conducted outside the
district without the consent of all parties affected thereby. See Corporate Mgmt., Inc. v.
Greene Rural Health Ctr. Bd. of Trustees, 47 So. 3d 142, 146 (Miss. 2010).
Rule 77(d) requires that the clerk provide copies of all orders and judgments,
immediately upon their entry, to all parties who are not in default for failure to appear.
M.R.A.P. 4(h) provides that a party who did not receive notice of entry of a judgment
or order from the clerk or any party within 21 days of its entry may move the trial court to
reopen the time for appeal.
Rule 77(d) gives a prevailing party who wants to ensure that the time for appeal is not
reopened pursuant to M.R.A.P. 4(h), the opportunity to serve notice of entry of the judgment
or order upon opposing parties in the manner provided in Rule 5. Although prevailing parties
may take the initiative to assure that their adversaries receive effective notice, the clerk
retains the duty to give notice of entry of judgments and orders.
178
RULE 78. MOTION PRACTICE
Each court shall establish procedures for the prompt dispatch of business, at which
motions requiring notice and hearing may be heard and disposed of; but the judge at any time
or place and on such notice, if any, as he considers reasonable may make orders for the
advancement, conduct, and hearing of actions.
To expedite its business, the court may make provision by rule or order for the
submission and determination of motions without oral hearing upon brief written statements
of reasons in support and opposition.
[Amended effective March 1, 1989; amended effective April 17, 2003 to allow the courts,
by rule to provide for determination of motions seeking final judgment without oral
argument.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective March 1, 1989, Rule 78 was amended by changing its title to “MOTION
PRACTICE” and by abrogating provisions for local rules. 536-538 So. 2d XXXI (West
Miss. Cas. 1989).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 78 does not alter any local rules governing motion practice; however, the rule
must be considered in light of Rule 83.
179
RULE 79. BOOKS AND RECORDS KEPT BY THE CLERK
AND ENTRIES THEREIN
(a) General Docket. The clerk shall keep a book known as the “general docket” of
such form and style as is required by law and shall enter therein each civil action to which
these rules are made applicable. The file number of each action shall be noted on each page
of the docket whereon an entry of the action is made. All papers filed with the clerk, all
process issued and returns made thereon, all appearances, orders, verdicts, and judgments
shall be noted in this general docket on the page assigned to the action and shall be marked
with its file number. These entries shall be brief but shall show the nature of each paper filed
or writ issued and the substance of each order or judgment of the court and of the returns
showing execution of process. The entry of an order or judgment shall show the date the
entry is made. In the event a formal order is entered, the clerk shall insert the order in the file
of the case.
(b) Minute Book. The clerk shall keep a correct copy of every judgment or order.
This record shall be known as the “Minute Book.”
(c) Indexes; Calendars. Suitable indexes of the general docket shall be kept by the
clerk under the direction of the court. There shall be prepared, under the direction of the
court, calendars of all actions ready for trial.
(d) Other Books and Records. The clerk shall also keep such other books and
records as may be required by statute or these rules. The documents required to be kept
under this rule may be recorded by means of an exact-copy photocopy process.
(e) Removing the File in a Case. The file of a case shall not be removed from the
office of the clerk except by permission of the court or the clerk.
Advisory Committee Historical Note [Rule 79]
Effective April 1, 2002, the Comment to Rule 79(a) was amended to underscore that
docket entries must accurately reflect the actual date of entry. 813-815 So. 2d LXXXVIII
(West Miss. Cases 2002).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 79(a) specifies that the docket entries reflect the date on which entries are made
in the general docket. Since several important time periods and deadlines are calculated from
the date of the entry of judgments and orders, these entries must accurately reflect the actual
180
date of the entries rather than another date, such as the date on which a judgment or order is
signed by the judge. See, for example, Rule 58 mandating that a judgment is effective only
when entered as provided in Rule 79(a), and Rule 59 which requires that motions to alter or
amend judgments be filed within ten days after the entry of judgment.
181
RULE 80. STENOGRAPHIC REPORT OR TRANSCRIPT
AS EVIDENCE [OMITTED)]
Advisory Committee Notes
Mississippi has statutory provisions for the appointment, oath, nature and term of
office, bond, removal from office, and duties and responsibilities of court reporters. See
Miss. Code Ann. §§9-13-1 et seq. (1972) and M.R.A.P. Appendix III.
182
RULE 81. APPLICABILITY OF RULES
(a) Applicability in General. These rules apply to all civil proceedings but are
subject to limited applicability in the following actions which are generally governed by
statutory procedures.
(1) proceedings pertaining to the writ of habeas corpus;
(2) proceedings pertaining to the disciplining of an attorney;
(3) proceedings pursuant to the Youth Court Law and the Family Court Law;
(4) proceedings pertaining to election contests;
(5) proceedings pertaining to bond validations;
(6) proceedings pertaining to the adjudication, commitment, and release of narcotics
and alcohol addicts and persons in need of mental treatment;
(7) eminent domain proceedings;
(8) Title 91 of the Mississippi Code of 1972;
(9) Title 93 of the Mississippi Code of 1972;
(10) creation and maintenance of drainage and water management districts;
(11) creation of and change in boundaries of municipalities;
(12) proceedings brought under sections 9-5-103, 11-1-23, 11-1-29, 11-1-31, 11-1-33,
11-1-35, 11-1-43, 11-1-45, 11-1-47, 11-1-49, 11-5-151 through 11-5-167, and 11-17-33,
Mississippi Code of 1972.
Statutory procedures specifically provided for each of the above proceedings shall
remain in effect and shall control to the extent they may be in conflict with these rules;
otherwise these rules apply.
(b) Summary Proceedings. In ex parte matters where no notice is required
proceedings shall be as summary as the pertinent statutes contemplate.
183
(c) Publication of Summons or Notice. Whenever a statute requires summons or
notice by publication, service in accordance with the methods provided in Rule 4 shall be
taken to satisfy the requirements of such statute.
(d) Procedure in Certain Actions and Matters. The special rules of procedure set
forth in this paragraph shall apply to the actions and matters enumerated in subparagraphs
(1) and (2) hereof and shall control to the extent they may be in conflict with any other
provision of these rules.
(1) The following actions and matters shall be triable 30 days after completion of
service of process in any manner other than by publication or 30 days after the first
publication where process is by publication, to-wit: adoption; correction of birth certificate;
alteration of name; termination of parental rights; paternity; legitimation; uniform reciprocal
enforcement of support; determination of heirship; partition; probate of will in solemn form;
caveat against probate of will; will contest; will construction; child custody actions; child
support actions; and establishment of grandparents’ visitation.
(2) The following actions and matters shall be triable 7 days after completion of
service of process in any manner other than by publication or 30 days after the first
publication where process is by publication, to wit: removal of disabilities of minority;
temporary relief in divorce, separate maintenance, child custody, or child support matters;
modification or enforcement of custody, support, and alimony judgments; contempt; and
estate matters and wards’ business in which notice is required but the time for notice is not
prescribed by statute or by subparagraph (1) above.
(3) Complaints and petitions filed in the actions and matters enumerated in
subparagraphs (1) and (2) above shall not be taken as confessed.
(4) No answer shall be required in any action or matter enumerated in subparagraphs
(1) and (2) above but any defendant or respondent may file an answer or other pleading or
the court may require an answer if it deems it necessary to properly develop the issues. A
party who fails to file an answer after being required so to do shall not be permitted to
present evidence on his behalf.
(5) Upon the filing of any action or matter listed in subparagraphs (1) and (2) above,
summons shall issue commanding the defendant or respondent to appear and defend at a time
and place, either in term time or vacation, at which the same shall be heard. Said time and
place shall be set by special order, general order or rule of the court. If such action or matter
is not heard on the day set for hearing, it may by order signed on that day be continued to a
later day for hearing without additional summons on the defendant or respondent. The court
184
may by order or rule authorize its clerk to set such actions or matters for original hearing and
to continue the same for hearing on a later date.
(6) Rule 5(b) notice shall be sufficient as to any temporary hearing in a pending
divorce, separate maintenance, custody or support action provided the defendant has been
summoned to answer the original complaint.
(e) Proceedings Modified. The forms of relief formerly obtainable under writs of
fieri facias, scire facias, mandamus, error coram nobis, error coram vobis, sequestration,
prohibition, quo warranto, writs in the nature of quo warranto, and all other writs, shall be
obtained by motions or actions seeking such relief.
(f) Terminology of Statutes. In applying these rules to any proceedings to which
they are applicable, the terminology of any statute which also applies shall, if inconsistent
with these rules, be taken to mean the analogous device or procedure proper under these
rules; thus (and these examples are intended in no way to limit the applicability of this
general statement):
Bill of complaint, bill in equity, bill, or declaration shall mean a complaint as
specified in these rules;
Plea in abatement shall mean motion;
Demurrer shall be understood to mean motion to strike as set out in Rule 12(f);
Plea shall mean motion or answer, whichever is appropriate under these rules;
Plea of set-off or set-off shall be understood to mean a permissible counter-claim;
Plea of recoupment or recoupment shall refer to a compulsory counter-claim;
Cross-bill shall be understood to refer to a counter-claim, or a cross-claim, whichever
is appropriate under these rules;
Revivor, revive, or revived, used with reference to actions, shall refer to the
substitution procedure stated in Rule 25;
Decree pro confesso shall be understood to mean entry of default as provided in Rule
55;
185
Decree shall mean a judgment, as defined in Rule 54;
(g) Procedure Not Specifically Prescribed. When no procedure is specifically
prescribed, the court shall proceed in any lawful manner not inconsistent with the
Constitution of the State of Mississippi, these rules, or any applicable statute.
[Amended effective June 24, 1992; April 13, 2000.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Effective April 13, 2000, Rule 81(d)(5) was amended to make a continuance effectual
on a signed rather than an entered order. 753-754 So. 2d XVII) (West Miss. Cas. 2000.)
Effective June 24, 1992, Rule 81(h) was deleted. 598-602 So. 2d XXIII-XXIV (West
Miss. Cas. 1992).
Effective January 1, 1986, Rule 81(a) was amended by adding subsections (10) – (12);
Rule 81(b) was amended by deleting examples and by deleting a provision that no answers
are required in ex parte matters; Rule 81(d) was rewritten to provide for proceedings in a
number of specified actions and to abrogate its treatment of domestic relations matters. 470-
473 So. 2d XVI-XVIII (West Miss. Cas. 1986).
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 81 compliments Rule 1 by specifying which civil actions are governed only
partially, or not at all, by the provisions of the M.R.C.P.
Rule 81(a) lists 12 categories of civil actions which are not governed entirely by the
M.R.C.P. In each of those actions there are statutory provisions detailing certain procedures
to be utilized. See generally Miss. Code Ann. §§11-43-1, et seq., (habeas corpus); 73-3-301,
et seq., (disciplining of attorneys); 43-21-1, et seq., (youth court proceedings); 23-15-911 et
seq. (election contests); 31-13-1, et seq., (bond validation); 41-21-61, et seq., (persons with
mental illness or an intellectual disability); 41-30-1, et seq., (adjudication, commitment and
release of alcohol and drug addicts); 11-27-1, et seq., (eminent domain); 91-1-1, et seq.,
(trusts and estates); 93-1-1, et seq., (domestic relations); 51-29-1, et seq., and 51-31-1, et
seq., (creation and maintenance of drainage and water management districts); 21-1-1, et seq.,
(creation of and change in boundaries of municipalities); and those proceedings identified
in category (12) by their Code Title as follows: 9-5-103 (bonds of receivers, assignees,
executors may be reduced or cancelled, if excessive or for sufficient cause); 11-1-23 (court
or judge may require new security); 11-1-29 (proceedings on death of surety on bonds, etc.);
186
11-1-31 (death of parties on bonds having force of judgment—citation in anticipation of
judgment); 11-1-35 (death of parties on bonds having force of judgment when citation issued
and returnable); 11-1-43 through 11-1-49 (seizure of perishable commodities by legal
process); 11-5-151 through 11-5-167 (receivers in chancery); and 11-17-33 (receivers
appointed for nonresident or unknown owners of mineral interests).
However, in any instance in the twelve listed categories in which the controlling
statutes are silent as to a procedure, the M.R.C.P. govern.
As to ex parte matters, Rule 81(b) is intended to preserve, inter alia, the summary
manner in which many matters testamentary, of administration, in minors/wards’ business,
and in cases of idiocy, lunacy, and persons of unsound mind are handled. See Miss. Code
Ann. §11-5-49 (1972).
Rule 81(c) pertains to actions or matters where a statute requires that summons or
notice be made by publication. In those instances, publication as provided by Rule 4 shall
satisfy the requirements of such statute(s).
Rule 81(d) recognizes that there are certain actions and matters whose nature requires
special rules of procedure. Basically these are matters of which the State has an interest in
the outcome or which because of their mature should not subject a defendant/respondent to
a default judgment for failure to answer. Furthermore, they are matters that should not be
taken as confessed even in the absence of the appearance of the defendant/respondent. Most
of the matters enumerated are peculiar to chancery court. Rule 81(d) divides the actions
therein detailed into two categories. This division is based upon the recognition that some
matters, because of either their simplicity or need for speedy resolution, should be triable
after a short notice to the defendant/respondent; while others, because of their complexity,
should afford the defendant/respondent more time for trial preparation.
Rule 81(d)(3) provides that the pleading initiating the action should be commenced
by complaint or petition only and shall not be taken as confessed. Initiating Rule 81(d)
actions by “motion” is not intended.
Rule 81(d)(5) recognizes that since no answer is required of a defendant/respondent,
then the summons issued shall inform him of the time and place where he is to appear and
defend. If the matter is not heard on the date originally set for the hearing, the court may sign
an order on that day continuing the matter to a later date. The rule also provides that the
Court may adopt a rule or issue an order authorizing its Clerk to set actions or matters for
original hearings and to continue the same for hearing on a later date. (Local rules should be
filed with the Supreme Court as required by Rule 83).
187
Rule 81(d)(6) provides that as to any temporary hearing in a pending action for
divorce, separate maintenance, child custody or support, notice in the manner prescribed by
Rule 5(b) shall be sufficient, provided the defendant/respondent has already been summoned
to answer.
188
CHAPTER XI. GENERAL PROVISIONS
RULE 82. JURISDICTION AND VENUE
(a) Jurisdiction Unaffected. These rules shall not be construed to extend or limit the
jurisdiction of the courts of Mississippi.
(b) Venue of Actions. Except as provided by this rule, venue of all actions shall be
as provided by statute.
(c) Venue Where Claim or Parties Joined. Where several claims or parties have
been properly joined, the suit may be brought in any county in which any one of the claims
could properly have been brought. Whenever an action has been commenced in a proper
county, additional claims and parties may be joined, pursuant to Rules 13, 14, 22 and 24, as
ancillary thereto, without regard to whether that county would be a proper venue for an
independent action on such claims or against such parties.
(d) Improper Venue. When an action is filed laying venue in the wrong county, the
action shall not be dismissed, but the court, on timely motion, shall transfer the action to the
court in which it might properly have been filed and the case shall proceed as though
originally filed therein. The expenses of the transfer shall be borne by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff shall have the right to select the court to which the action shall be transferred in the
event the action might properly have been filed in more than one court.
(e) Forum Non-conveniens. With respect to actions filed in an appropriate venue
where venue is not otherwise designated or limited by statute, the court may, for the
convenience of the parties and witnesses or in the interest of justice, transfer any action or
any claim in any civil action to any court in which the action might have been properly filed
and the case shall proceed as though originally filed therein.
[Amended effective February 20, 2004, to add Section 82(e) allowing transfer for forum non-
conveniens for cases filed after the effective date.]
Advisory Committee Notes
Rule 82(c) provides that if venue is proper for one plaintiff’s claim and such plaintiff
has been properly joined with other plaintiffs, venue is proper for all plaintiffs’ claims.
Mississippi Code Annotated §11-11-3(2), however, provides that “[i]n any civil action where
more than one (1) plaintiff is joined, each plaintiff shall independently establish proper
venue; it is not sufficient that venue is proper for any other plaintiff joined in the civil
189
action.” Rule 82(b) states that “[e]xcept as provided by this rule, venue in all actions shall
be as provided by statute.” Thus, there is a conflict between the rule and the statute in that
the rule states that venue is proper in cases involving multiple plaintiffs who are properly
joined if venue is proper for a single plaintiff’s claim, whereas the statute provides that in
cases involving multiple plaintiffs venue must be proper for each plaintiff’s claim. There is
no conflict in cases involving multiple defendants—“venue properly established against one
defendant generally is proper against all defendants.” See Penn Nat’l Gaming, Inc. v. Ratliff,
954 So. 2d 427, 432 (Miss. 2007). In cases involving a medical malpractice defendant and
another defendant, however, venue established by Mississippi Code Annotated §11-11-3 is
only appropriate in the county where the alleged malpractice occurred. See Adams v. Baptist
Memorial Hospital-DeSoto, Inc., 965 So. 2d 652, 657-58 (Miss. 2007).
Rule 82(e) authorizes a motion to transfer venue to another court having proper venue
within the state based upon forum non-conveniens. In addition, Mississippi Code Annotated
§11-11-3 authorizes transfer to another forum within Mississippi that is more convenient and
further authorizes dismissal of the case in Mississippi if a more convenient forum is available
in another state. A trial court ruling on a motion to dismiss made pursuant to the statute must
determine whether, given “the interest of justice” and “the convenience of the parties and
witnesses,” “a claim or action would be more properly heard in a forum outside this state or
in a different county of proper venue within this state.” Mississippi Code Annotated §11-11-
3(4)(a). The trial court may consider the factors set forth in Mississippi Code Annotated §11-
11-3(4)(a).
190
RULE 83. LOCAL COURT RULES
(a) When Permissible. The conference of circuit, chancery and county court judges
may hereafter make uniform rules and amendments thereto concerning practice in their
respective courts not inconsistent with these rules. Likewise, any court by action of a
majority of the judges thereof may hereafter make local rules and amendments thereto
concerning practice in their respective courts not inconsistent with these rules. In the event
there is no majority, the senior judge shall have an additional vote.
(b) Procedure for Approval. All such local rules and uniform rules adopted before
being effective must be filed in the Supreme Court of Mississippi for approval. Such
motions shall also include a copy of the motion and of the proposed rules in an electronically
formatted medium (such as USB Flash Drive or CD-ROM). Upon receipt of such proposed
rules and prior to any approval of the same, the Supreme Court may submit them to the
Supreme Court Advisory Committee on Rules for advice as to whether any such rules are
consistent or in conflict with these rules or any other rules adopted by the Supreme Court.
(c) Publication. All local and uniform rules hereinafter approved by the Supreme
Court shall be submitted for publication in the Southern Reporter (Mississippi cases).
[Amended effective March 1, 1989; November 29, 1989; February 1, 1990; March 13, 1991;
December 16, 1991; amended March 10, 1994, effective retroactively from and after January
1, 1993; amended October 13, 1995, effective from and after April 14, 1994; amended
effective July 1, 2010.]
Advisory Committee Historical Note
Rule 83 was amended March 10, 1994, effective retroactively from and after January
1, 1993, by deleting the word “hereinafter” in Rule 83(b) following the words, “uniform
rules”; by deleting Rule 83(c) in its entirety; and by renumbering 83(d) as 83(c). 632-635
So.2d XXIII-XXIV (West Miss.Cases 1994).
[Adopted August 21, 1996.]
Advisory Committee Notes
Practitioners may access local rules that have been approved by the Mississippi
Supreme Court on the Court’s website.
191
RULE 84. FORMS
The forms contained in the Appendix of Forms are sufficient under the rules and are
intended to indicate the simplicity and brevity of statement which the rules contemplate.
192
RULE 85. TITLE
These rules shall be known as the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure and may be cited
as M.R.C.P.; e. g., M.R.C.P. 85.
193
APPENDIX A. FORMS
[See Rule 84]
INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT
1. The following forms are intended for illustration only. They are limited in number.
No attempt is made to furnish a manual of forms.
2. Except where otherwise indicated, each pleading, motion, and other paper should
have a caption similar to that of the summons, with the designation of the particular paper
substituted for the word “Summons.” In the caption of the summons and in the caption of
the complaint all parties must be named but in other pleadings and papers it is sufficient to
state the name of the first party on each side, with an appropriate indication of other parties.
See M.R.C.P. 4(b), 7(b)(2), and 10(a).
3. Each pleading, motion, and other paper is to be signed by at least one attorney of
record in his individual name (M.R.C.P. 11). The attorney’s name is to be followed by his
address as indicated in Form 2. In forms following Form 2 the signature and address are not
indicated.
4. If a party is not represented by an attorney, the signature and address of the party
are required in place of those of the attorney (M.R.C.P. 11).
194
FORM 1A. SUMMONS
(Process Server)
IN THE COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B., Plaintiff(s)
v. Civil Action, File No.
CD., Defendant(s)
SUMMONS
THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
TO: (Insert the name and address of the person to be served)
NOTICE TO DEFENDANT(S)
THE COMPLAINT WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS SUMMONS IS IMPORTANT AND
YOU MUST TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION TO PROTECT YOUR RIGHTS.
You are required to mail or hand deliver a copy of a written response to the Complaint
to , the attorney for the Plaintiff(s), whose post office address is and
whose street address is . Your response must be mailed or delivered within (30) days
from the date of delivery of this summons and complaint or a judgment by default will be
entered against you for the money or other things demanded in the complaint.
You must also file the original of your response with the Clerk of this Court within
a reasonable time afterward.
Issued under my hand and the seal of said Court, this day of , 19 .
Clerk of County, Mississippi
(Seal)
195
[This form shall appear on the reverse side of Form 1A. Summons (Process Server)]
PROOF OF SERVICE--SUMMONS
(Process Server)
[Use separate proof of service for each person served]
Name of Person or Entity Served
I, the undersigned process server, served the summons and complaint upon the person
or entity named above in the manner set forth below (process server must check proper space
and provide all additional information that is requested and pertinent to the mode of service
used):
FIRST CLASS MAIL AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT SERVICE. By mailing (by first
class mail, postage prepaid), on the date stated in the attached Notice, copies to the person
served, together with copies of the form of notice and acknowledgement and return envelope,
postage prepaid, addressed to the sender (Attach completed acknowledgement of receipt
pursuant to M.R.C.P. Form 1B).
PERSONAL SERVICE. I personally delivered copies to on the day of
, 19 , where I found said person(s) in County of the State of .
RESIDENCE SERVICE. After exercising reasonable diligence I was unable to deliver
copies to said person within county, (state). I served the summons and complaint
on the day of , 19 , at the usual place of abode of said person by leaving a
true copy of the summons and complaint with who is the (here
insert wife, husband, son, daughter or other person as the case may be), a member of the
family of the person served above the age of sixteen years and willing to receive the
summons and complaint, and thereafter on the day of , 19 , I mailed (by first
class mail, postage prepaid) copies to the person served at his or her usual place of abode
where the copies were left.
CERTIFIED MAIL SERVICE. By mailing to an address outside Mississippi (by first
class mail, postage prepaid, requiring a return receipt) copies to the person served. (Attach
signed return receipt or the return envelope marked “Refused.”)
196
At the time of service I was at least 18 years of age and not a party to this action.
Fee for service: $
Process server must list below: [Please print or type]
Name
Social Security No.
Address
Telephone No.
State of )
County of )
Personally appeared before me the undersigned authority in and for the state and
county aforesaid, the within named who being first by me duly sworn states on oath
that the matters and facts set forth in the foregoing “Proof of Service-Summons” are true and
correct as therein stated.
Process Server (Signature)
Sworn to and subscribed before me this the day of 19 .
Notary Public
(Seal) My Commission Expires:
[Adopted effective March 1, 1985; amended effective May 2, 1985; amended March 17,
1995.]
197
FORM 1AA. SUMMONS
(Sheriff)
IN THE COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B., Plaintiff(s)
v. Civil Action, File No.
C.D., Defendant(s)
SUMMONS
THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
TO: (Insert the name and address of the person to be served)
NOTICE TO DEFENDANT(S)
THE COMPLAINT WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS SUMMONS IS IMPORTANT AND
YOU MUST TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION TO PROTECT YOUR RIGHTS.
You are required to mail or hand-deliver a copy of a written response to the Complaint
to , the attorney for the Plaintiff(s), whose post office address is , and
whose street address is . Your response must be mailed or delivered within (30)
days from the date of delivery of this summons and complaint or a judgment by default will
be entered against you for the money or other things demanded in the complaint.
You must also file the original of your response with the Clerk of this Court within
a reasonable time afterward.
Issued under my hand and the seal of said Court, this day of , 19 .
Clerk of County,
Mississippi
(Seal)
198
[This form shall appear on the reverse side of Form 1AA: Summons (Sheriff)]
RECEIVED THIS DAY OF , 19 .
BY
SHERIFF
SHERIFF’S RETURN
State of Mississippi )
County of )
( ) I personally delivered copies of the summons and complaint on the day of
, 19 , to: .
( ) After exercising reasonable diligence I was unable to deliver copies of the
summons and complaint to within County, Mississippi. I served the
summons and complaint on the day of , 19 , at the usual place of abode of said
, by leaving a true copy of the summons and complaint with , who is the
(here insert wife, husband, son, daughter or other person so as the case may be), a member
of the family of the person served above the age of sixteen years and willing to receive the
summons and complaint, and thereafter on the day of , 19 , I mailed (by first
class mail, postage prepaid) copies to the person served at his or her usual place of abode
where the copies were left.
( ) I was unable to serve the summons and complaint.
This the day of , 19 .
Sheriff of County,
Mississippi
By: , Deputy Sheriff
199
[Note: All summons issued to the sheriff must be returned within thirty days from the day the
summons was received by the sheriff pursuant to the requirements of Mississippi Rule of
Civil Procedure 4(c)(2)].
[Adopted effective March 1, 1985; amended effective February 1, 1990.]
200
FORM 1B. NOTICE AND ACKNOWLEDGMENT
FOR SERVICE BY MAIL
IN THE COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B., Plaintiff(s)
(include appropriate designation of other plaintiffs)
v. Civil Action, File No.
C.D., Defendant(s)
(include appropriate designation of other defendants)
NOTICE
TO: (Insert the name and address of the person to be served)
The enclosed summons and complaint are served pursuant to Rule 4(c)(3) of the
Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure.
You must sign and date the acknowledgment at the bottom of this page. If you are
served on behalf of a corporation, unincorporated association (including a partnership), or
other entity, you must indicate under your signature your relationship to that entity. If you
are served on behalf of another person and you are authorized to receive process, you must
indicate under your signature your authority.
If you do not complete and return the form to the sender within 20 days of the date of
mailing shown below, you (or the party on whose behalf you are being served) may be
required to pay any expenses incurred in serving a summons and complaint.
If you do complete and return this form, you (or the party on whose behalf you are
being served) must respond to the complaint within 30 days of the date of your signature.
If you fail to do so, judgment by default will be taken against you for the relief demanded in
the complaint.
I declare that this Notice and Acknowledgement of Receipt of Summons and
Complaint was mailed on (Insert date)
Signature
201
THIS ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT OF SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT
MUST BE COMPLETED
I acknowledge that I have received a copy of the summons and of the complaint in the
above-captioned matter in the State of .
Signature
(Relationship to Entity/Authority
to Receive Service of Process)
Date of Signature
State of )
County of )
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the State and
County aforesaid, the above named , who solemnly and truly declared and affirmed
before me that the matters and facts set forth in the foregoing Acknowledgement of Receipt
of Summons and Complaint are true and correct as therein stated.
Affirmed and subscribed before me this day of , 19 .
Notary Public
My Commission Expires
(Seal)
[Adopted effective March 1, 1985; amended effective May 2, 1985; amended March 17,
1995.]
202
FORM 1C. SUMMONS BY PUBLICATION
IN THE COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B., Plaintiff(s)
(It is sufficient here to state the name
of the first plaintiff with an appropriate
designation of other plaintiffs.)
v. Civil Action, File No.
CD., Defendant(s)
(It is sufficient here to state the name
of the first defendant with an appropriate
designation of other defendants.)
SUMMONS
THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
TO: (Insert name of the person(s) to be served)
You have been made a Defendant in the suit filed in this Court by (Insert name of all
Plaintiffs), Plaintiff(s), seeking (Insert a brief description of the relief being sought).
Defendants other than you in this action are (insert names of all defendants other than the
person or persons who are the subject of this summons).
You are required to mail or hand deliver a written response to the Complaint filed
against you in this action to , Attorney for Plaintiff(s), whose post office address is
and whose street address is .
YOUR RESPONSE MUST BE MAILED OR DELIVERED NOT LATER THAN
THIRTY DAYS AFTER THE DAY OF , 19 , WHICH IS THE DATE OF
THE FIRST PUBLICATION OF THIS SUMMONS. IF YOUR RESPONSE IS NOT SO
MAILED OR DELIVERED, A JUDGMENT BY DEFAULT WILL BE ENTERED
AGAINST YOU FOR THE MONEY OR OTHER RELIEF DEMANDED IN THE
COMPLAINT.
You must also file the original of your Response with the Clerk of this Court within
a reasonable time afterward.
Issued under my hand and the seal of said Court, this day of , 19 .
203
Clerk of County,
Mississippi
(Seal)
[Adopted effective March 1, 1985; amended effective May 2, 1985.]
204
FORM 1D. RULE 81 SUMMONS
(Sheriff or Process Server)
IN THE COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A. B., Plaintiff(s)
v. Civil Action, File No.
C. D., Defendant(s)
SUMMONS
THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
TO: (Insert the name
NOTICE TO DEFENDANT(S)
THE COMPLAINT OR PETITION WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS SUMMONS
IS IMPORTANT AND YOU MUST TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION TO PROTECT
YOUR RIGHTS.
You are summoned to appear and defend against said complaint or petition at
___O’clock ____.M. on the day of 19 , in the courtroom of the
County Courthouse at , Mississippi, and in case of your failure to appear
and defend a judgment will be entered against you for the money or other things demanded
in the complaint or petition.
You are not required to file an answer or other pleading but you may do so if you
desire.
Issued under my hand and the seal of said Court, this day of , 19 .
Clerk of County,
Mississippi
(Seal)
(Note: All summons issued to the sheriff must be returned prior to the time the defendant is
summoned to appear.)
[Adopted effective January 10, 1986.]
205
FORM 1DD. RULE 81 SUMMONS
(Summons by Publication)
IN THE COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B., Plaintiff(s)
(It is sufficient here to state the name
of the first plaintiff with an appropriate
designation of other plaintiffs.)
v. Civil Action, File No.
C.D., Defendant(s)
(It is sufficient here to state the name
of the first defendant with an appropriate
designation of other defendants.)
SUMMONS
THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
TO: (Insert name of the person(s) to be served.)
You have been made a Defendant in the suit filed in this Court by , (Insert
name of all Plaintiffs) Plaintiff(s) seeking (Insert a brief description of
the relief being sought). Defendants other than you in this action are (Insert
names of all defendants other than the person or persons who are the subject of this
summons)
You are summoned to appear and defend against the complaint or petition filed
against you in this action at o’clock _. M. on the day of , 19 , in the
courtroom of the County Courthouse at , Mississippi, and in case of your
failure to appear and defend, a judgment will be entered against you for the money or other
things demanded in the complaint or petition.
You are not required to file an answer or other pleading but you may do so if you
desire.
Issued under my hand and the seal of said Court, this day of , 19 .
206
Clerk of County,
Mississippi
(Seal)
207
FORM 1E. WAIVER OF PROCESS
IN THE COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B. Plaintiff
v. Civil Action, File No.
C.D. Defendant
WAIVER OF PROCESS
The undersigned (name ), whose post office address is and whose
street address is , does hereby waive the service of summons and (designate
any pleading on which service is being waived ) upon myself in this cause.
In executing this document I certify that I am not an unmarried minor and am not
mentally incompetent.
(In addition the person executing the waiver may add any or all of the following to
the document:)
[Furthermore, by the filing of this document, I enter my appearance in this cause]
just as if I had been served more than 30 days prior to this date]
[and agree that this action may be heard and disposed of without further notice to
me]
[and join in this action and in the prayer for relief]
This the day of , 20 .
Name
STATE OF )
COUNTY OF )
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority for the jurisdiction
aforesaid, the within named who acknowledged that he signed and delivered
the above and foregoing instrument on the day and year therein mentioned.
Given under my hand this the day of , 20 .
208
Notary Public
My Commission Expires:
[In lieu of the above acknowledgment the following oath may be used:]
STATE OF )
COUNTY OF )
Personally appeared before me the undersigned authority in and for the jurisdiction
aforesaid the within named who, being first by me duly sworn, states on oath
that the matters and facts set forth in the foregoing instrument are true and correct as
therein stated.
Name
Sworn to and subscribed before me this the day of , 20 .
Notary Public
My Commission Expires:
[Adopted effective February 1, 1990; amended effective July 1, 2009 to delete convicted
felony exception.]
209
FORM 2. COMPLAINT ON A PROMISSORY NOTE
1. Defendant on or about , 19 , executed and delivered to Plaintiff a
promissory note [in the following words and figures: (here set out the note verbatim)]; [a
copy of which is hereto annexed as Exhibit A]; [whereby defendant promised to pay to
plaintiff or order on , 19 , the sum of dollars with interest thereon at the rate
of percent per annum] [and agreed to pay a reasonable attorney’s fee for collection].
2. Defendant owes to plaintiff [the amount of said note] [$ that is due on
said note] and interest.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant for the sum of
dollars, interest, attorney’s fee, and costs.
Attorney for Plaintiff
Address
FORM 3. COMPLAINT ON COVENANT OR AGREEMENT
1. On or about the day of , 19 , plaintiff and defendant entered into
agreement by which defendant promised [here set out agreement in general terms].
2. Defendant breached the agreement by [here set out breaches in general terms].
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
210
FORM 4. COMPLAINT FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE
1. This is an action for specific performance of a contract to convey real property
in County, Mississippi.
2. On , 19 , plaintiff and defendant entered into a written contract, a copy
being attached and marked Exhibit A.
3. Plaintiff timely tendered the purchase price to defendant and requested a
conveyance of the real property described in the contract but defendant refused to accept
the tender or to make the conveyance.
4. Plaintiff offers to pay the purchase price.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment that defendant be required to perform
specifically the contract and for damages.
FORM 5. COMPLAINT ON AN OPEN ACCOUNT
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars due by open account.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 6. COMPLAINT ON ACCOUNT STATED
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars on an account stated between the
plaintiff and defendant on the day of , 19 .
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 7. COMPLAINT FOR GOODS SOLD AND DELIVERED
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars for goods sold and delivered by plaintiff
to defendant between the day of and the day of , 19 .
211
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 8. COMPLAINT FOR WORK AND LABOR DONE
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars for work and labor done for the
defendant by the plaintiff on the day of , at defendant’s request.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 9. COMPLAINT FOR MONEY LENT
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars for money lent by plaintiff to defendant on
or about the day of , 19 .
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 10. COMPLAINT FOR MONEY PAID BY MISTAKE
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars for money paid by plaintiff to
defendant by mistake on or about the day of . 19 , under the following
circumstances:
[here briefly state the circumstances].
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 11. COMPLAINT FOR MONEY HAD AND RECEIVED
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars for money had and received from one
on or about the day of , 19 , to be paid by defendant to plaintiff.
212
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 12. COMPLAINT FOR MONEY PAID BY
PLAINTIFF FOR DEFENDANT
1. Defendant owes plaintiff dollars because of money paid by the plaintiff
for the defendant on or about the day of , 19 , at defendant’s request.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 13. COMPLAINT ON A POLICY OF LIFE INSURANCE
1. On or about the day of , 19 , defendant issued a policy whereby the
defendant insured the life of who died on the day of , 19 , of which
the defendant has had notice.
2. As a result, the amount of the policy is now due and the plaintiff is the
beneficiary of the proceeds of the policy.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 14. COMPLAINT ON A POLICY OF FIRE INSURANCE
1. On or about the day of . 19 , defendant insured plaintiffs dwelling
house (or other property, as the case may be) against loss or injury by fire and other perils
in a policy of insurance, for the term of years.
2. The house (or other property) was wholly destroyed (or was damaged) by fire on
the day of , 19 , of which the defendant has had notice.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
213
FORM 15. COMPLAINT FOR NEGLIGENCE
OR WANTONNESS
1. On or about the day of . 19 , upon a public highway [state the name of
the street] in [City]; County, Mississippi, the defendant negligently [or wantonly]
caused or allowed a motor vehicle to collide with a motor vehicle occupied by the
plaintiff.
2. As a proximate consequence of the defendant’s said negligence [or wantonness],
the plaintiff was caused to suffer the following injuries and damages: [enumerate injuries
and damages].
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars and costs.
FORM 16. COMPLAINT FOR ASSAULT AND BATTERY
1. On or about the day of , 19 , the defendant committed an assault
and battery on the plaintiff.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars and costs.
FORM 17. COMPLAINT FOR FALSE IMPRISONMENT
1. On or about the day of , 19 , the defendant unlawfully arrested
and imprisoned the plaintiff (or caused the plaintiff to be arrested and imprisoned as the
case may be) on a charge of larceny (or as the case may be) for days.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars and costs.
FORM 18. COMPLAINT FOR MALICIOUS PROSECUTION
1. On or about the day of , 19 , defendant, maliciously, and without
probable cause therefor, caused the plaintiff to be arrested under a warrant issued by
, a justice court judge, on a charge of (as the case may be).
214
2. Before the commencement of this action, this charge was judicially investigated,
the prosecution ended, and the plaintiff discharged.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars and costs.
FORM 19. COMPLAINT FOR FRAUD
1. On or about the day of , 19 , defendant and plaintiff were
negotiating concerning the purchase by plaintiff from defendant of the following
described property:
[describe property].
2. At that time defendant represented to plaintiff that [here set out representations
with particularity].
3. The representations made by defendant were false [and defendant knew that
they were false] [and defendant, without knowledge of the true facts, recklessly
misrepresented them] [and were made with the intention that plaintiff should rely upon
them].
4. Plaintiff believed the representations and in reliance upon them purchased the
property.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars and costs.
FORM 20. COMPLAINT ON A WARRANTY
1. On or about the day of , 19 , defendant sold a (as the case may
be) to the plaintiff on which the defendant gave warranty as shown by Exhibit A which is
attached hereto [or insert the substance of the warranty].
2. In fact [here state the breach in general terms].
215
FORM 21. COMPLAINT FOR CONVERSION
1. On or about the day of , 19 , defendant converted to his own use
[here describe in general terms the property allegedly converted] of the
Company of the value of dollars, the property of plaintiff.
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment against defendant in the sum of
dollars, interest and costs.
FORM 22. MOTION TO DISMISS PURSUANT TO RULE 12(b)
The defendant moves that the Court proceed as follows:
1. To dismiss the complaint for lack of subject matter jurisdiction in that it is [an
action seeking the reformation of a written instrument (or as the case may be)] and
plaintiff has a full and adequate remedy [at law] [in equity].
2. To dismiss the complaint for lack of jurisdiction over the person in that [the
defendant is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of and was
not and is not subject to service of process within the State of Mississippi (or as the case
may be)].
3. To dismiss the action on the ground of improper venue in that defendant is a
domestic corporation domiciled in County, which is not the county in which [this
action is brought] [the cause of action occurred or accrued].
4. To dismiss the complaint because of insufficiency of process in that the
summons served on the defendant [was not signed by the clerk] [does not contain the
names and addresses of the parties] [is directed to a person other than the defendant
named in the complaint [did not have attached a copy of the complaint] (or as the case
may be).
5. To dismiss the action because of insufficiency of service of process in that the
summons served on defendant [was sent by ordinary mail rather than by certified mail]
[was served by a process server who is not sheriff of the county in which it was served
nor a person eighteen years or older] [was served on a member of defendant’s family who
is less than sixteen years of age] [was served on , who is neither an officer nor
the registered agent of the defendant corporation] (or as the case may be).
216
6. To dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be
granted.
7. To dismiss the complaint for failure to join , a [person] [corporation]
necessary for just adjudication because [he] [it] is this defendant’s [co-tenant, lessee,
royalty holder, assignee (or as the case may be)] whose rights are involved in this action.
NOTICE OF MOTION
TO:
Attorney for Plaintiff
Address
Please take notice that the undersigned will bring the above motion on for hearing
before this court at the County Courthouse in the City of , Mississippi,
on the day of , 19 , at o’clock a. m./p. m. that day or as soon thereafter as
counsel can be heard.
Attorney for Defendant
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
I hereby certify that I have this date served a copy of this Motion to Dismiss and
Notice of same on J.K, Counsel of Record for the Plaintiff, A.B., by placing a copy of
same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to his regular business mailing
address.
This the day of , 19 .
Attorney for Defendant
217
Address
218
FORM 23. ANSWER PRESENTING DEFENSES
UNDER RULE 12 (b)
First Defense
[Improper Venue]
The action is brought in the wrong county because the defendant is a domestic
corporation domiciled in County, which is not the county in which this action is
brought or in which the cause of action occurred or accrued.
Second Defense
[Admission and Denial]
Defendant admits the allegations contained in paragraphs 1 and 4 of the complaint;
alleges that he is without knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to the
truth of the allegations contained in paragraph 2 of the complaint; and denies each and
every other allegation contained in the complaint.
Third Defense
[Statute of Limitations]
The right of action set forth in the complaint did not accrue within years
next before the commencement of this action.
Counter-claim
Here set forth any claim as a counter-claim in the manner in which a claim is
pleaded in a complaint.
Cross-Claim against Defendant M. N.
Here set forth the claim constituting a cross-claim against defendant M. N. in the
manner in which a claim is pleaded in a complaint.
219
FORM 24. MOTION TO BRING IN
THIRD-PARTY DEFENDANT
Defendant moves for leave, as third-party plaintiff, to cause to be served upon E.
F. a summons and third-party complaint, copies of which are attached as Exhibit A.
FORM 25. THIRD-PARTY COMPLAINT
1. Plaintiff, A. B., has filed against defendant, C. D., a complaint, a copy of which
is attached as Exhibit A.
2. If the defendant, C. D., is liable to the plaintiff on the occasion complained of
in the complaint, it is liable because [here state the grounds upon which C. D., is entitled
to recover from E. F., all or part of what A. B. may recover from C. D. The statement
should be framed as in an original complaint.]
Wherefore, C. D. demands judgment against third-party defendant E. F. for all
sums that may be adjudged against defendant C. D. in favor of plaintiff, A. B.
220
FORM 26. MOTION TO INTERVENE AS A
DEFENDANT UNDER RULE 24
[Based upon the Complaint, Form 15]
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B., Plaintiff
v. Civil Action, File No.
C.D., Defendant
E.F., Applicant for Intervention
MOTION TO INTERVENE AS A DEFENDANT
E. F. moves to intervene as a defendant in this action to assert the defenses set forth in his
proposed answer, a copy of which is attached hereto, on the ground that he is the owner
of the automobile alleged in the Complaint to have collided with the vehicle occupied by
the plaintiff and as such as a defense to plaintiffs claim presenting both questions of law
and of fact which are common to the main action.
Attorney for E. F.
Applicant for Intervention
Address
NOTICE OF MOTION
[Contents the same as in Form 22]
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
A.B., Plaintiff
v. Civil Action, File No.
C.D., Defendant
221
E.F., Intervener
INTERVENER’S ANSWER
First Defense
Intervener denies the allegations stated in paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Complaint in
so far as they assert negligence on the part of the defendant.
Second Defense
Intervener asserts that at the time of the collision stated in the Complaint the
plaintiff was operating his vehicle under the influence of alcohol and in a wantonly
negligent manner.
Third Defense
Intervener asserts that at the time of the collision stated in the Complaint defendant
was operating intervener’s vehicle without intervener’s authority, permission, or license.
222
FORM 27. MOTION TO DROP DEFENDANT OR FOR
SEVERANCE OF CLAIMS
Defendant, , moves the court for an order dropping him as a party
defendant herein or in the alternative for an order severing the claim asserted against him
by plaintiff herein from the claim asserted against defendant, , on the grounds that:
1. The alleged claim asserted against defendant, , does not arise from the
same transaction, occurrence, or series of transactions or occurrences, as the claim
asserted against defendant, ; nor do the two alleged claims involve questions of
law or fact common to both defendants.
2. The moving defendant will be put to undue expense and embarrassment if he is
required to proceed with his defense without a severance of the issues.
3. The trial of action will be embarrassing and the jury confused by a joint trial of
the claims asserted against the two defendants herein, all to the prejudice of the moving
defendant.
FORM 28. MOTION BY DEFENDANT FOR SEVERANCE OF
CLAIMS OF SEVERAL PLAINTIFFS
Defendant moves the court for an order severing the claims asserted by the
respective plaintiffs herein against the defendant, on the grounds that:
1. The alleged claim or claims of each plaintiff differ in material and essential
elements and respects from the alleged claim or claims of each of the other plaintiffs.
2. The alleged claims of the plaintiffs do not arise out of the same transaction,
occurrence, or series of transactions or occurrences, and do not involve questions of law
or fact common to all the plaintiffs.
3. The joining in one action and one complaint of the alleged claims of the
plaintiffs is prejudicial to the defendant and injures his substantial rights and will
embarrass and delay the trial.
223
FORM 29. MOTION BY PLAINTIFF TO ADD DEFENDANT
Plaintiff moves the court for an order making a party defendant herein and
directing the issuance and service of process on him, and for grounds therefor shows:
1. This is an action for [state briefly the nature of the claim for relief].
2. [State facts showing that the proposed additional defendant is an indispensable,
necessary or proper party defendant].
3. The said is a citizen and resident of , is subject to the
jurisdiction of this court as to both service of process and venue and can be made a party
defendant herein without depriving the court of jurisdiction.
FORM 30. MOTION BY DEFENDANT TO BRING IN
ADDITIONAL DEFENDANT
Defendant moves the court for an order making a party defendant herein;
directing that process be issued and served upon defendant ; and requiring plaintiff
to serve and file an amended complaint, and for grounds therefor shows:
1. This is an action for [state briefly the nature of the claim for relief].
2. [State facts showing that a person needed for just adjudication has not been
joined as a defendant].
3. The said is a citizen and a resident of , is subject to the
jurisdiction of this court as to both service of process and venue, and can be made a party
defendant herein without depriving the court of jurisdiction.
FORM 31. MOTION BY DEFENDANT TO ADD
ADDITIONAL PLAINTIFF
Defendant moves the court for an order directing that be made a party
plaintiff herein, or in the alternative, if refuses to join as a plaintiff, he be made a
defendant as provided by Rule 19(a), and for grounds therefor shows:
1. This is an action for [state briefly the nature of the claim for relief].
224
2. [State facts showing that a person needed for just adjudication has not been
joined as a plaintiff].
3. The said is a citizen and resident of ; he is subject to the
jurisdiction of this court as to service of process and venue; and he can be made a party
plaintiff (or, as the case may be, a party defendant) herein without depriving the court of
jurisdiction.
FORM 32. ANSWER TO COMPLAINT SET FORTH IN FORM 11
WITH COUNTER-CLAIM FOR INTERPLEADER
Defense
Defendant admits the allegations stated in paragraph 1 of the complaint and denies
the allegations stated in paragraph 2 to the extent set forth in the counter-claim herein.
Counter-claim for Interpleader
1. Defendant received the sum of dollars as a deposit from E. F.
2. Plaintiff has demanded the payment of such deposit to him by virtue of an
assignment of same which he claims to have received from E. F.
3. E. F. has notified the defendant that he claims such deposit, that the purported
assignment is not valid, and that he holds the defendant responsible for the deposit.
Wherefore defendant demands:
(1) That the court order E. F. to be made a party defendant to respond to the
complaint and to this counter-claim.
(2) That the court order the plaintiff or E. F. to interplead their respective claims.
(3) That the court adjudge whether the plaintiff or E. F. is entitled to the sum of
money.
(4) That the court discharge defendant from all liability in the action except to the
person it shall adjudge entitled to the sum of money.
225
(5) That the court award to the defendant its costs and attorney’s fees.
FORM 33. PLAINTIFF’S MOTION FOR SUBSTITUTION -
DECEASED PARTY DEFENDANT
Plaintiff shows to the court that , the above-named defendant, died
intestate (or testate) on or about the day of , 19 ; that letters of
administration upon the estate of the said were issued on the day of , 19 , to
as administrator by the Court of the State of Mississippi (or, that
was duly appointed executor of the last will of by the Court of the
State of Mississippi and qualified as such executor on the day of , 19 ): and
this is an action for [state briefly nature of action] and the claim of plaintiff was not
extinguished by the death of defendant.
Wherefore plaintiff moves the court for an order substituting ,
administrator (or, as the case may be, executor) of the estate of , deceased, as
party defendant herein.
FORM 34. PRE-TRIAL ORDER
1. Counsel.
Appearing for the plaintiff:
Appearing for the defendant:
2. Nature of the case. [Count 1 of] the complaint alleges a cause of action based
upon [negligence, breach of warranty, breach of oral contract, etc.].
3. Positions of the parties.
a. Plaintiff contends: [concise statement of factual and legal contentions].
b. Defendant contends: [concise statement of factual and legal contentions].
4. Stipulations and admissions.
226
5. Discovery. Discovery proceeding6 have been completed except as follows:
[specify additional discovery proceedings required].
6. Additional Orders: [as required by the particular case].
Ordered that the above allowances and agreements are binding on all parties in the
above-styled cause unless this order be hereafter modified by the Court for good cause
and to prevent manifest injustice.
Done this day of , 19 .
Judge
FORM 35. MOTION FOR JUDGMENT NOTWITHSTANDING
THE VERDICT, OR IN THE ALTERNATIVE, FOR NEW TRIAL
Defendant [Plaintiff] moves the Court to set aside the verdict and judgment
entered in the above-styled action on , 19 , and to enter judgment in favor of
the Defendant [Plaintiff] in accordance with the motion for directed verdict, or, in the
alternative, Defendant [Plaintiff] moves the court to set aside the verdict and grant
Defendant [Plaintiff] a new trial on the following grounds, to-wit:
1.
2. [Herein state grounds]
3.
FORM 36. APPLICATION TO CLERK FOR ENTRY OF
DEFAULT AND SUPPORTING AFFIDAVIT
The clerk is requested to enter default against the defendant in the above entitled
action for failure to plead, answer or otherwise defend as set out in the affidavit hereto
annexed.
Attorney for Plaintiff
227
State of Mississippi)
County of )
, being duly sworn, deposed and says:
1. That he is attorney of record of the plaintiff, and has personal knowledge of the
facts set forth in this affidavit.
2. That the defendant was duly served with a copy of the summons, together with
a copy of plaintiffs complaint, on the day of , 19 .
3. That more than 30 days have elapsed since the date on which the said defendant
was served with summons and a copy of the complaint.
4. That the defendant has failed to answer or otherwise defend as to plaintiffs
complaint, or serve a copy of any answer or other defense which he might have upon the
undersigned attorney of record for the plaintiff.
5. That this affidavit is executed by affiant herein in accordance with Rule 55(a)
of the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure, for the purpose of enabling the plaintiff to
obtain an entry of default against the defendant, for his failure to answer or otherwise
defend as to the plaintiffs complaint.
Attorney for Plaintiff
Sworn to and subscribed before me this the day of , 19 .
Notary Public
FORM 37. DOCKET OF ENTRY OF DEFAULT
Default entered against defendant this day of , 19 .
228
FORM 38. DEFAULT JUDGMENT ENTERED BY COURT
This action came on for hearing on the motion of the plaintiff for a default
judgment pursuant to Rule 55(b)(2) of the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure, and the
defendant having been duly served with the summons and complaint and not being an
infant or an unrepresented incompetent person and having failed to plead or otherwise
defend, and his default having been duly entered and the defendant having taken no
proceedings since such default was entered,
It is Ordered and Adjudged that [here set forth relief granted to plaintiff].
This day of , 19 .
Judge
APPENDIX B. STATUTES AFFECTED
[DELETED IN ITS ENTIRETY.]
[Effective June 24, 1992.]
APPENDIX C. TIME TABLE FOR PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE
MISSISSIPPI RULES OF CIVIL PROCEDURE
[DELETED IN ITS ENTIRETY.]
[Effective June 24, 1992.]
229