*** 
When Freedom is Outlawed, Only The Outlaws Will Be Free 
****** 
= Forwarded message =: 
From: cmccoy@nmrls.com<cmccoy@nmrls.com> 
To: "matt@ridingwiththeoutlaw.com"<matt@ridingwiththeoutlaw.com> Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 16:53:20 -0600 
Subject: Resolution of issues 
= Forwarded message 
Hi Matt. 
I want to clarify something. I had nothing to do with the chancery filing in August and my role was totally separate from that chancery matter. Any assertion that I used chancery for some benefit in Olive Branch is incorrect. I am not sure what your theory is but I want to be clear - I had nothing to do with that. 
I DID tell the Court there was a chancery filing and I explained why that was important to the case. Maybe you couldn't hear me and I know you have asked the Courts to explain our position so I will try. 
You and Liz have a child. All of these allegations and court hearings are pushing yall further and further apart as parents. I told Judge Shumake she wanted to resolve the charges because yall have a child together and were going to chancery court to deal with that child. Liz did not want to put either of yall through the anger and pain of a trial. 
I supported that move in an effort to get that behind yall and focus on the child. 
At this point I don't know if it is possible for yall to co parent. I would hope so but so much water under the bridge... 
I serve as a guardian ad litem in tons of cases and I have rarely seen a couple so at odds with one another. And I am not pointing fingers. It is what it is and there is plenty of blame to go around. 
I know child support has been a major issue for you and I am glad Judge Whitwell reduced it temporarily if that will help the situation. If Liz dropped all child support would you agree to limited visitation? It might be in Lydia's best interest for the time being given what you are dealing with. 
You have a lot on your plate right now and honestly, it seems as if your life is a pressure cooker. Again, not a judgment, just the facts. I do wish you had counsel to at least give you some guidance if not represent you. And my job with the Victims Assistance Program does not prevent you from having an attorney from Legal Services. It is just that your case is not acceptable under current guidelines. 
Also - Lori Solinger - she is hardcore for the child and the best of the best. She will call it exactly as she sees it. Trust me - she has ruled against my clients more than once and while I didn't LIKE her recommendation, it was the correct one. You will be fine with her. Just give her a chance. 
Please consider how the scenarios with Liz and Lydia can be resolved for everyone's best interest. I thought I would shoot you an email. I have not discussed with Liz. I am just working on another guardian ad litem case this afternoon and it made me think of yall. You and Liz are grownups. Surely yall can come up with a way to resolve this part of the chaos. 
I do not represent Liz in chancery - I am there in the role as an advocate only. That said, if I can help yall two resolve this, I will do my best. 
Christi McCoy