February 7th, 2022
Via Email Only
CC: Chancellor Lawrence Little
Dr Sandy Rogers
Executive Director of Presiding Judge over Involuntary Commitment
Communicare 152 MS-7 Lafayette County Chancery Court
Oxford, MS 38655
RE: Fraudulent Involuntary Judicial Commitment Stemming from False Information
URGENT NOTICE PROVIDED. PLEASE TAKE APPROPRIATE ACTION
Dear Dr Rogers,
Between the date of December 6, 2021 and December 7, 2021 an employee of Communicare by the
name of Rachel Alcorn came in receipt of inaccurate, untrue, and defamatory information given to her
by Lafayette County Sheriff's Department which she acknowledged had been sourced by the Lafayette
County Sheriff, Joey East himself. This in turn set off a series of events to follow, which in turn brought
about irreparable injury while hindering the due course of justice and as a result broadened the scope
of all which currently transpires. In the interest of transparency into all of this, I’d like to make it
known that this entire fiasco was created based upon the fact that for the second time in approximately
one year’s time, I had discovered an important record that was fraudulently altered in Lafayette County
Circuit Court. Finding out how this record could have changed and who could be responsible for
changing it was and still is two very important questions to me as the same thing has happened now
on both currently open filed matters of mine in Lafayette County Circuit Court. To make matters even
worse, I have Identified numerous pieces of inaccurate information reported by another employee of
Communicare by the name of Stacey Waites whom conducted the intake at the Lafayette County
Detention Center on December 8th, 2021. Then there is the absolutely bizarre notation and reasoning
by the Doctor and Nurse Practitioner via remote video conference which when combined with the facts
and all other erroneous and obnoxious matters at hand lead me to believing that everything that
transpired was the result of heavily politicized persecution for me having the drive and focus that I
have on all current ongoing legal matters I am involved in. Particularly when this Doctor notated on
his report that I was “very preoccupied with ongoing legal cases” and described my condition as
Bipolar with “delusions” in his report recommending in-patient commitment. To fault me for being
pre-occupied with ongoing legal cases is absolutely ludicrous when factoring in that I am having to
perform the work of an attorney due to not being able to afford the monumental costs an attorney
would charge to represent me in two supreme court appeals, two circuit court matters, a chancery court
matter, a recently wrapped up Justice Court matter, and at a bare minimum now one pending District
Court Matter. Being “pre-occupied with ongoing legal cases” should be fully expected of anyone
currently engaged in multiple legal battles in multiple venues such as I am, particularly when that
individual happens to be representing himself in seeking full vindication from a complete miscarriage
of justice that transpired in 2017 which continues to be exacerbated through continued lies tendered
by Lafayette County Officials and in particular Sheriff East whom in fact played a hand in all that has
occurred dating back to May of 2017. Contrary to the opinion of this Doctor and your staff whom
never fact checked anything, the claims I have made and produced a plethora of evidence supporting
are not "Conspiracy Theories" or "Delusions", nor have I ever "Provoked anyone with my minor child"
as the affidavit and reports following attested to. These are insinuations and character assassinations
that Lafayette County and in particular its sheriff wanted to have conveyed which at least temporarily
it was successful in doing through full exploitation of the State of Mississippi’s mental health laws and
through the assistance of your employees and contractors working on behalf of your organization at
the expense of my rights and liberties. The negligent acts of your employees have sought to demonize
lawful, authorized, and constitutionally protected activity through the pushing of a narrative that was
distasteful and untrue.
I am an independent credentialed member of the press whom has taken on a role of investigating and
reporting the corrupt acts demonstrated by this county while fully documenting my journey in seeking
full vindication and my credentials have been on file with the County and Sheriffs Department, so this
was no new occurrence or surprise. For your convenience I am attaching a copy to this letter so that
they again are on file in one more place in this county. The most unfortunate consequence, however,
is that employees of Communicare through not properly following policy and procedure as it relates
to state and federal law have now directly aided and provided assistance to certain Lafayette County
Officials and in particular Sheriff East in their attempt to “cover up” and abscond from their wrongful
deeds. As a result of such I have lost all trust in your organization and its staff, and honestly who could
blame me?
The State of Mississippi’s Mental Health laws are outdated and I firmly believe that what has
transpired here demonstrates the level of ease for the State and County Governments to exploit their
own system, and through doing so have done a pristine job of exposing its major flaws. The process
for initiating Civil Commitment proceedings is detailed out in MS Code 41-21-65. In that it states:
If any person is alleged to be in need of treatment, any relative of the person, or any interested
person, may make affidavit of that fact and shall file the Uniform Civil Commitment Affidavit
with the clerk of the chancery court of the county in which the person alleged to be in need of
treatment resides, but the chancellor or duly appointed special master may, in his or her
discretion, hear the matter in the county in which the person may be found. The affidavit shall
set forth the name and address of the proposed patient’s nearest relatives and whether the
proposed patient resides or has visitation rights with any minor children, if known, and the
reasons for the affidavit. The affidavit must contain factual descriptions of the proposed
patient’s recent behavior, including a description of the behavior, where it occurred, and over
what period of time it occurred, if known. Each factual allegation may be supported by
observations of witnesses named in the affidavit.
The requirements in this simply were not met, nor were they ever justified. Not only was the Affidavit
not supported by any named witnesses, but the entire procedure was botched by the affiant attesting
under sworn affidavit to non-factual claims along with claims that were in fact constitutionally
protected and ordained particularly for an independent credentialed member of the press in the
performance of his duties, which the Lafayette County through its officials nor employees of
Communicare had any such right to interfere with and hinder. Further, the affidavit and reports to
follow were comprised of judgmental and conclusory statements that were untrue in nature and relied
primarily upon information stemming from an outside party whom was never named as required under
the above statute. Fortunately, in one measure of good faith, there is a listed imposition of penalties
against false affidavits being filed in bad faith for a malicious purpose in that:
The prohibition against charging the affiant other fees, expenses, or costs shall not preclude
the imposition of monetary criminal penalties under Section 41-21-107 or any other criminal
statute, or the imposition by the chancellor of monetary penalties for contempt if the affiant
is found to have filed an intentionally false affidavit or filed the affidavit in bad faith for a
malicious purpose.
A State Law cannot be held constitutional if it directly infringes on established law on a Federal Level
to include if that particular law/legislation deprives a citizen of any constitutional right or any
guaranteed Due Process Right – to include Substantive in that a citizen is subjected to the undue
deprivation of life, liberty, or property. A finding of "mental illness" alone cannot justify a State's
locking a person up against his will and keeping him indefinitely in simple custodial confinement.
Assuming that that term can be given a reasonably precise content and that the "mentally ill" can be
identified with reasonable accuracy, there is still no constitutional basis for confining such persons
involuntarily if they are dangerous to no one and can live safely in freedom. The matter at hand was
decided upon in Davidson vs O’Connor, a Landmark US Supreme Court case, which Stated in short,
a State cannot constitutionally confine without more a non-dangerous individual who is capable of
surviving safely in freedom by himself or with the help of willing and responsible family members or
friends. The question was then posed, may the State fence in the harmless mentally ill solely to save
its citizens from exposure to those whose ways are different? One might as well ask if the State, to
avoid public unease, could incarcerate all who are physically unattractive or socially eccentric. Mere
public intolerance or animosity cannot constitutionally justify the deprivation of a person's physical
liberty. See, e. g., Cohen v. California, 403 U.S. 15, 24 -26; Coates v. City of [422 U.S. 563, 576]
Cincinnati, 402 U.S. 611, 615; Street v. New York, 394 U.S. 576, 592; cf. U.S. Dept. of Agriculture
v. Moreno, 413 U.S. 528, 534.
In conclusion, the flaws which occurred in this matter have not only violated the mental health laws
established by the state of Mississippi, but have created a material breach of substantive due process
rights guaranteed to all citizens and protected under federal law. As such, you are hereby requested to
review and revise your current policies within the following 7 days in order to bring them into
compliance with not only state law but federal law as well in order to circumvent a similar matter from
occurring in the future and to provide in writing any offered changes to such policies. In addition, as
stated above, please take appropriate action to produce and preserve any and all information associated
with the incident below to include any information describing the incident below that is maintained by
Communicare and/or any of its employees to include any individual subcontracted out. This
preservation should include all audio recordings taken during intake. any documentation/notes taken,
and any communication regarding the matter sent and/or received leading up to and including the final
determination being made to involuntarily commit Matthew Reardon to a state hospital facility on
December 9, 2021.
My Best Regards,
Matthew Reardon
matt@mattreardon.com
662-550-9752
Video Documenting all that occurred on December 6, 2021 along with supporting evidence may be viewed online at:
RIDINGWITHTHEOUTLAW.COM/A-FRAUDULENT-COMMITMENT