Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT Document #: 16 Filed: 11/14/2022 
Page 1 of 3 
IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
V. 
MATT REARDON 
CAUSE NO. LK2022-358 
ORDER DENYING DEFENDANT'S MOTION TO WITHDRAW GUILTY PLEA 
Before the Court is Defendant's Motion to Withdraw Guity Plea filed pro se. The 
defendant seeks to withdraw the plea he entered before this Court on September 30, 2022 to the 
crime of aggravated stalking, Miss. Code Ann. § 97-3-107(2). This Court sentenced the 
defendant to serve a term of five years with five years suspended and zero years to serve and five 
years of unsupervised probation. In addition, the Court banished the defendant from Lafayette 
County, Mississippi for five years. The Court allowed the defendant to remain at his current 
address located in Lafayette County, Mississippi for 45 days to provide him time to relocate to a 
residence outside Lafayette County. The Court forbade the defendant from having any contact 
with the victims of his crime of aggravated stalking. 
In support of his Motion to Withdraw Guilty Plea, the defendant now claims both counsel 
appointed to represent him were ineffective. He also now claims he is not guilty of the charged 
crime of aggravated stalking. 
Considering the totality of the circumstances and the standard of Stickland v. Washington, 
466 U.S. 668, 687 (1984), the Court finds the defendant has not made the requisite showing to 
FILE THIS THE 
14 Nov. 
1 
DAY OF 2022 
MINUTE BOOK COMB 22 PAGE 21479 
JEFF BUSBY, CIRCUIT CLERK 
BY 
акят 
D.C. 
Case: 36C11:22-cr-00358-GFT Document #: 16 Filed: 11/14/2022 
Page 2 of 3 
support a claim of ineffective assistance of counsel. The defendant has not shown his counsel's 
performance was deficient and that the deficient performance prejudiced him. Id. At the plea 
hearing, this Court extensively questioned the defendant about his satisfaction with his counsel. 
The defendant informed the Court he discussed the petition to plead guilty with counsel and 
understood the contents of the petition. The defendant informed the Court he had fully discussed 
all circumstances surrounding the case with his attorney, discussed the elements of the crime, 
and his attorney had advised him of all possible defenses that he might have if the case went to 
trial. The defendant responded affirmatively he was not forced or coerced into pleading guilty. 
Finally, the defendant responded affirmatively he was satisfied with his attorney. 
As to defendant's claims in his petition that suggest he is not guilty of the crime of 
aggravated stalking, these claims are belied by his responses during his plea colloquy. When the 
Court asked the defendant if he was guilty of the crime of aggravated stalking, the factual basis 
of which he was informed on the record, the defendant responded he was in fact guilty of the 
crime. The defendant informed the Court he understood the rights he would be giving up by 
pleading guilty. The Court found the defendant had freely, knowingly, and voluntarily entered a 
plea of guilty to the crime of aggravated stalking. 
The Court also notes the defendant submitted to a mental evaluation in this cause. 
Immediately prior to proceeding with defendant's plea hearing, this Court found the defendant 
legally competent based on the findings presented in the evaluation report, findings that were 
stipulated to by defendant's counsel. 
Therefore, the Court finds the defendant has not shown good cause to sufficiently support 
his request to withdraw his guilty plea. The Court finds Defendant's Motion to Withdraw Guilty 
2 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT Document #: 16 
Plea is hereby DENIED. 
Filed: 11/14/2022 
Page 3 of 3 
day of 
Hoverda 
2022. 
SO ORDERED AND ADJUDGED on this the 
fo 
3 
KENT E. SMITH 
CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE