Case 1:25-cv-00041-JCB Document 1-1 Filed 03/31/25 PageID.15 Page 1 of 2
SWORN DECLARATION OF MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON
Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746
I, Matthew Oliver Reardon, declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States
of America that the following is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief:
1. I am over the age of 18 and competent to make this declaration. I am the individual referenced
in communications sent by Captain Hildon Sessums of the Oxford, Mississippi Police Department
on February 5, 2025.
2. I moved into a residence in Layton, Utah late in the day on February 1, 2025. The residence is
located at 1513 W 1960 N, Layton, UT 84041.
3. At the time I moved in, I had not submitted or disclosed that residential address to any person,
agency, platform, or institution, public or private.
4. I had not yet updated or filed my new address with the Department of Motor Vehicles, the
United States Postal Service, voter registration, tax filings, or any other governmental record
keeping agency.
5. I had not mentioned or published the address on any public platform, social media account,
video, form, or document-nor had I provided it to any individual outside of the leasing process.
6. In fact, I did not have the address memorized and routinely had to refer back to a text message
from my landlord to retrieve it. This further affirms that I could not have casually or inadvertently
disclosed the address myself.
7. At no point prior to February 5, 2025, did I provide my new Layton address to any law
enforcement agency, including but not limited to the Layton Police Department or any entity in
Utah or Mississippi.
8. Nonetheless, on February 5, 2025, Captain Hildon Sessums of the Oxford Police Department
emailed my full residential address to multiple officials within the Layton City Police Department
Case 1:25-cv-00041-JCB Document 1-1 Filed 03/31/25 PageID.16 Page 2 of 2
and Layton City government. The email falsely stated that "from our research, his current address
is ... "-despite the fact that no such research could have uncovered this address through any legal,
official, or public means.
9. It is therefore my firm belief and sworn assertion that Captain Sessums could not have lawfully
obtained this address through any public or law enforcement database, and that the address was
either:
• Illegally acquired through surveillance, unlawful access, or misuse of government resources;
• Provided by an individual acting outside the bounds of law enforcement data protocols;
10. The address in question was then further disseminated by Lt. Riley Richins of Layton Police
Department to over 100 recipients in a mass email, perpetuating a defamatory narrative and
unlawfully broadcasting my private information.
11. I make this declaration in support of a federal civil rights complaint and related formal
grievances involving violations of my Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment rights, and in response
to targeted retaliation against my constitutionally protected First Amendment activities.
/11a.lq., ,
Executed thi0,-rl"day of· 2025
Matthew Oliver Reardon