IN THE JUSTICE COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY MISSISSIPPI
LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MS PROSECUTION
vs CAUSE NO. 9290609
9290610
MATTHEW REARDON DEFENDANT
Motion to Dismiss with Prejudice or in the Alternative to Compel Production of Evidence
Comes now before this court, Matthew Reardon, your Defendant. and respectfully moves this court to Dismiss the
criminal charges brought fm1h against him or in the alternative to compel immediate cooperation from the
prosecution in regards to the items laid out in his Subpoena Duces Tecum. Movant would show good reason and
completely legitimate grounds warranting either an immediate dismissal with prejudice or compelling the
prosecutor of Lafayette County to comply, and would hereby state before this court the following facts and reasons
which warrant such relief as sought:
I) That on January 21" 2021 Defendant tiled with this court a Motion to Dismiss or in the alternative to transfer. In
said Motion, Defendant stated numerous violations that had been aggrieved by Defendant at the hands of Deputies
and Officials acting under color of law along with demonstrating that he came to the Sheriffs Department with a
pa11icular grievance for the Sheriff after the Sheriff read and ignored emails seill from Defendant. Motion tiled
with this cou11 is attached as Exhibit A
2) That Defendant attempted to communicate with Lafayette County General Counsel David O'Donnell on Januaf)
t
19'". 2021 seeking answer as to if Lafayette County was going to cooperate in Defendant's discovery reque,s or
1 ·1 · D e , c e n d a nt s1 1 ould proceed wi . t h obta11 . 1 1 . 1 1g that which he was seeki . n g vi . a S u b p oend, Duces Tecum an dfort or
goo d t • a 1 · 1 J 1 · 1 11 order to avoid further delay. Defendant received a ·'Read Rece1 • pr • • , c r om II i e c ou nt)' Attornev · . howcwr
a d Id I, ,e to get the evidence in
'11 to no surprise received no response. Defendant knew al that point that he wou ld\ '
question which he was seeking via nothing shy of a Subpoena Duces Tecum in order 10 afford Defondanl a lair.
meaningful. and non-biased hearing. Otherwise Defendanl slands 10 nor receive a fair !rial and as a resulr nould
most certainly need a transfer of venue to an oulside jurisdicrion.
3) That on January 27'". 2021 Defendant's had a Subpoena Duces Tecum properly served on Lafoyetre Counr)'
Chancery Clerk Sherry Wall due to Attorney O'Donnell showing a retiisal lo cooperale by reliising 10 respond.
On February 4, 2021 !he Prosecuror for Lafayette Counly. Bela J Clrnin responded morion to quash Defencfonr's
Subpoena Duces Tecum. Execuled Subpoena Duces Tecwn auached as E.xhibi1 Band Prosccu1io11·s Morion ro
Quash is auached as Exhibi1 C.
4) Thar in the producrion ofwha1 the prosecution inferred to be discovery malerial requeslcd. it overlooked several
requests of Defendant liirther inferring that !he producrion of such WOULD cause irreparable harm on the
Lafayette County Sherifrs Depar1ment/Detention Center. However what the Prosecution fails to consider is 1hc
irreparable harm aggrieved upon Defendan1 by !he malice acts of this depa11men1 in 2017 and further extended
beyond tha1. Defendant agrees in part 1ha1 indeed the evidence sough! stands a chance in aggrieving irreparable
harm if they do indeed fU11her demonstrate intentional, wrongful. and immoral acts aggrieved upon Defendant at
the hands of officers and otTicials acting under color of law. However. the particular camera footage Defendant
seeks does not expose the depanrnenl lo any security risks and is completely relevant to Defendant's cause that
he stands trial for as Defendant reassw1s that this arrest was unwarranted and stemmed from defendant being
··Targeled .. by this departmenl by acls and ways mea111 to hinder and burden defendant through intimidation and
fear tactics in what easily shows to be an ongoing conspiracy to cover up and rid extreme liability that Lafayette
County. It's Sheriffs Depa11rnent and certain employees. along wilh the State of Mississippi knowingly created
in 2017. and in doing such have blatantly refused to atlord Defendant the equal proteclions under the laws of the
slate and federal despile repelitive attempls attempling lo gel !his department to do so.
5) A security camera is mounred almos1 direcrly in from of Sheriff Easr·s Parking Spot which offers additional
vanrage poinrs as clear misconducl is observed on rhe camera foorage shown and provided by the Prosecutor.
Defendant had an audio recorder in his front shirt pocket which captured audio up until he was thrown on the
ground. This is matched up with the vantage point provided and at no point did Defendant EVER tell Deputy
Courtney Dixon "No'' during the brief exchange, yet Deputy Dixon and Deputy Tidwell both attest that
Defendant used that very word not once, not twice, but three separate times. Defendant attaches a DVD of this
arrest with audio and demonstrating different areas of serious concern. What is it that the Prosecutor wants so
badly to shield with him not releasing the camera closest to the action? There are numerous erroneous acts in
the camera footage which further show that this was an event of celebration to the Sheriffs Department to further
destroy a man that simply sought out equal protections of the law as he was steadily being victimized through
bizarre acts of his ex which this depa1tment has continued to allow, and through allowing it condoned it especially
when It continued refusing to answer the cry for help and fu1ther sought to arrest the defendant yet again who
needed answers and accountability for such refusal to act.
6) Defendant assumed even that would be a fight as the prosecutor demonstrated this in his motion to quash Subpoena
Duces Tecum. Although the Lafayette County Prosecutor did respond in a timely manner with his motion as
required by the I 0-Day Window specified in the Subpoena, the information the Prosecutor provided was
selectively chosen and came nowhere in the vicinity of complying with the requests that Defendant had sought.
which the lack of such would be prejudicial to Defendant, further denying him a fair and non-biased hearing.
further denying movant the equal protections of the laws and the rights afforded to all accused to in effectively
proving that the arrest in question was completely unwarranted and further amounted to excessive force being
used by the arresting officers (Courtney Dixon and Ethan Tid_well), what would appear by face to be an attempt
by Deputy Dixon to destroy property of Defendant which contained evidence, Deputy Ethan Tidwell grabbing
what appears on camera to be Defendant's phone and walking off to the side away from the group before quickly
passing device several minutes later to Lt Omar Ahmed in a conspicuous way. A completely outrageous
unwarranted and illegal search of Defendant's personal vehicle and belongings in it by what would appear to be
at least 6 sheriffs deputies within fifteen to twenty minutes of Defendant's arrest. Defendant feels that this was
done with ill intent and was a clear violation of Defendant's 41 1, Amendment Rights regardless of what excuse the
Lafayette County Sheriff's Depaitment gives in answer.
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED
Defendant hereby requests that the Prosecutions motion to quash be outright denied or be denied at a later date
a tier a hearing to determine if grounds to exist to compel the prosecution ·s production of the requested Items in
his executed Subpoena Duces Tecu111. Defendant is in approval of a teleconference between the assigned judge
and prosecution, or in person whichever is preferable and can be granted in the quickest way. Otherwise
Defendant hereby requests this court to dismiss the charges or for the prosecutor to withdraw charges on its own
due to the facts surrounding the matter and newly ascertained in order to avoid the burden and expenses of trial.
Defendant also hereby attaches and hereby serves a Motion of Discovery upon Lafayette County to obtain any
and all evidence that would fall under the guidelines of discovery as outlined in MRCrP Rule 17 including a list
of any witnesses it plans to call upon and any evidence it intends to produce at trial.
Defendant also prays for any other relief be it special or general, for which he may be entitled
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED THIS 9111 DAY OF FEBRUARY 2021,
/
'------
Matthew Oliver Reardon
Pro Se Movant/Defendant
117 CR 401
Oxford, MS 38655
matt/t1'.111attreardon.com
662-812-1613 LAFAYETTE couNTV
FILED
f£13 0 4 NlU
WITNESS MY SIGNA T
URE AND OFFICIAL SEAL OF OFFICE THIS 9,1i DA y ()J\J611:~ CLERK
BY ~ 2o:n.c
b. narrative reports of the officer which also identify witnesses to the events which lead
to the criminal charges.
c. copies of photographs which may be used by the prosecution at the criminal trial.
4-b
So submitted this the day of February, 2021.
Bela J Chain Ill, County Attorney
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
I, Bela J Chain III, Lafayette County Attorney, do hereby certify that I have this day
mailed by United States mail, postage pre-paid, a true and correct copy of the above and
foregoing motion to:
Matthew Reardon
117 CR 401
Oxford, MS 38655
So certified on this the ~day of February, 2021.
LAFAYETTE COUNTY
FILED
p:9 0 4 lOZO
~~~ERK
7 ~0.c