STATE HOSTESSIOPI 
LAFAY 
IN THE CHANCERY COURTE 44F4X42:25 
AFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER-KESTER 
PLAINTIFF 
VS. 
PA 
CAUSE NO. CV2016-422(W) 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
DEFENDANT 
ORDER APPOINTING GUARDIAN AD LITEM 
THIS CAUSE came on to be heard on the Motion for an Order appointing a Guardian ad 
Litem for the parties' minor child, LER. The Court, being fully advised in the premises, finds that 
LER is a minor child under the jurisdiction of this Court who should have a Guardian ad Litem 
appointed in this Cause to investigate the matters alleged in these proceedings, and make a 
recommendation to this Court as to what would be in the best interests of the minor child. Based 
on the allegations made by the parties, the Court finds that the appointment of a Guardian ad Litem 
is mandatory under Mississippi law. 
The Court finds that Lori Solinger is an attorney licensed to practice law in this state who 
has received the requisite training and is duly certified to serve as a Guardian ad Litem for the best 
interest of the minor child in this case. Ms. Solinger's address is P.O. Box 1788, Batesville, 
Mississippi 38606 and her contact information is: telephone (662) 832-6773; email: 
lorisolingerlaw@gmail.com. The Court is of the opinion that Ms. Solinger shall be appointed as 
Guardian ad Litem for the minor child. 
THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED: 
1. Attorney Lori Solinger is appointed as the Guardian ad Litem representing the best 
interest of the minor child in the above-styled cause, to investigate and ascertain the facts, and 
make reports and recommendations to this Court as to what is in the best interest of the minor 
child. Specifically, the Guardian ad Litem shall investigate allegations of inappropriate sexual 
touching, and any other allegations concerning abuse or neglect of the minor child. 
2. The Guardian ad Litem shall prepare a written report (and any supplemental reports 
that may be necessary) concerning the investigation and make recommendations as to what would 
be in the best interest of the minor child, in view of the claims and allegations that have been 
asserted by the parties. 
3. Any objections to the Guardian ad Litem's report shall be filed by the parties within 
seven days after presentation of the Report. The Guardian ad Litem's Report, along with any 
timely filed objections by the Parties, may be considered and addressed by the Court. 
4. The Guardian ad Litem's Report shall be deemed confidential and shall be released 
only to counsel (including counsel's staff and expert witnesses) and the parties and shall not be 
further disclosed or disseminated to any other persons unless specifically authorized by this Court. 
The parties shall be advised that any unauthorized disclosure or dissemination of the information 
contained in GAL's Report to any person who is not a party to this litigation may be subject to 
sanctions, including a finding of contempt by this Court. 
5. To fulfill her duties as Guardian ad Litem, Lori Solinger shall have immediate access to 
the minor child in this case, as well as access to all otherwise privileged or confidential 
information regarding the minor child and the parties which relates to the issues presented, without 
the necessity of any further Order by this Court or Release executed on behalf of the parties or the 
minor child. 
6. Such information includes but is not limited to all records and information concerning 
the minor child, including but not limited to records of medical care and treatment, psychological 
2 
care and treatment, counseling records, social service records prepared by the Department of Child 
Protection Services, Communicare, or any private agency or counselor, drug and alcohol treatment 
records, psychological evaluations, law enforcement records, school records, records of trusts and 
accounts of which the child may be a beneficiary, and any other records that may be relevant to the 
claims asserted 
7. As the best interest attorney for the child, the Guardian ad Litem, upon presentation of 
this Order by the Guardian ad Litem to any third party, including a doctor, psychiatrist, 
psychologist, hospital, medical care provider, counseling agency, organization, school, social 
service agency, Communicare, the Mississippi Department of Child Protection Services, Child 
Advocacy Center, counselor, therapist, law enforcement agency, bank or financial institution, the 
clerk of any court, the Department of Human Services, and any other person or entity, shall be 
permitted to inspect and/or copy any records relating to the minor child, without the necessity of 
formal consent or release by the minor child, or the child's parents or guardians or any further order 
of this Court. 
8. To the extent that a HIPAA release for medical records concerning the minor child may 
be required by any health care provider, the parties shall cooperate with the Guardian ad Litem and 
execute such releases as necessary, so that such records may be obtained. The costs of obtaining 
such records will be assessed to the parties. 
9. The Guardian ad Litem shall maintain any information received from any source in the 
course of this investigation as confidential and shall not disclose such information except in 
reports presented to this Court, or as may be directed by the Court. 
10. The Guardian ad Litem is hereby authorized to communicate directly with the parties 
in this case and shall not be required to communicate through counsel. The Guardian ad Litem is 
3 
directed to send a copy of any correspondence or electronic communication to a party 
simultaneously to that party's counsel of record. The Guardian ad Litem is also authorized to 
communicate freely with the minor child for whom he has been appointed, without any 
interference or monitoring by the parties. 
11. Within ten (10) days after the date of this Order, each party is hereby Ordered 
to provide the following information in writing to the Guardian ad Litem: 
a. 
b. 
C. 
d. 
e. 
f. 
g. 
h. 
i. 
Contact information for the parties including home address, home and cell telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses; 
A brief statement of the party's position on the issues concerning child custody, placement, support, and any other matters relating to the child's welfare and best interest; 
A copy of all documents in the party's possession which are relevant to the issues concerning child custody, placement, visitation, support, or any other issue raised in these proceedings, including but not limited to, all medical, psychological or counseling records, or other professional reports or records; 
A list of all witnesses, and their addresses and telephone numbers, including but not limited to all fact witness, and all medical, psychological, counseling, mental-health professionals, teachers, or other persons who have information that relates to the parties or the minor child, and the issues that have been raised in this litigation. 
A list of the party's employers for the preceding five years, together with a statement of the work performed, hours and days regularly worked, and gross and net pay; 
A list of all schools the child has attended and a current copy of the school records; 
A list of any counselors, psychiatrists, psychologists or other medical or mental health professionals whom the parties and/or the minor child have consulted within the past five years, and a statement of any medical or psychological issues or conditions that the minor child or any of the parties may have; 
A list of each street address at which the party has resided within the past five years; 
The names, addresses and telephone numbers of all persons who have relevant knowledge concerning the issues raised by the allegations that have been asserted 
4 
j. 
k. 
1. 
by any person or entity in this case, including specifically any allegations of abuse or neglect; 
The names, addresses and telephone numbers of references, other than relatives, with whom the guardian ad litem may discuss the party's parenting skills and abilities, and their relationship with the minor child. 
A copy of all pleadings that have been filed in this case, and the transcript of any prior depositions, court hearings, or other proceedings relating to the minor child and the parties. 
The parties are directed to supplement the production of this information to the Guardian ad Litem as additional information becomes available. Failure to provide this information may subject a party to sanctions. 
12. Each party is hereby ordered and directed to cooperate fully with the Guardian ad 
Litem and to provide the Guardian ad Litem with truthful, accurate information promptly when 
requested to do so. This is a continuing order for disclosure, and the Court may refuse to allow the 
introduction into evidence of information that was not provided to the Guardian ad Litem as 
provided in this Order, unless good cause is shown. 
13. The parties acknowledge that they may be subject to unannounced home visits by the 
Guardian ad Litem. 
14. The parties acknowledge and understand that they may be required to randomly 
submit to alcohol and drug screenings via hair follicle or nail bed drug testing by the Guardian ad 
Litem. 
15. The Guardian ad Litem shall have full access to all evidence, depositions, and 
discovery materials prepared or propounded in regard to these proceedings, and the parties shall 
provide such information to the Guardian ad Litem without the necessity of formal discovery 
requests. 
5 
16. The Guardian ad Litem may interview witnesses and participate in discovery by 
propounding interrogatories, requests for production of documents, and requests for admissions, 
and in all other pretrial discovery that may occur in this case. The Guardian ad Litem shall be 
provided notice and have the right to appear and participate on behalf of the minor child at any 
hearings, interviews, investigations, depositions or other proceedings in this case, 
17. The Court specifically recognizes that the Guardian ad Litem is designated as a 
court-appointed expert witness under Rule 706, Miss.R.Evid, and applicable Mississippi law, as 
provided in S.G. v. D.C., 13 So.3d 269, 274 (Miss. 2009); McDonald v. McDonald, 39 So.3d 868, 
887-88 (Miss. 2010) (Specially Concurring Opinion adopted by five justices); and Ballard v. 
Ballard, So.3d 2017 WL 2290495, at *1 (Miss. May 25, 2017). The Guardian ad Litem 
is directed to formulate opinions and recommendations concerning the best interest of the minor 
child based on the specific facts and issues raised in this proceeding. The opinions and 
recommendations offered by the Guardian ad Litem, and the factual basis for these opinions 
derived in the course of the investigation, shall be governed by the Mississippi Rules of Evidence 
and applicable case law concerning such expert opinions. 
18. Any objections by any party to the qualifications of the Guardian ad Litem to serve as 
an expert witness or to the appointment of the Guardian ad Litem as an expert witness in this case 
shall be filed within fourteen (14) days after entry of this Order of Appointment. Failure to timely 
file any such objections shall be deemed a waiver of any claims that the party may have in regard 
to the qualifications of the Guardian ad Litem to serve as a court-appointed expert witness in this 
case. 
19. The Court finds that the Guardian ad Litem's oral and written Reports, 
Recommendations, and Opinion Testimony may include information that would be deemed 
6 
"hearsay" statements made by third parties which were obtained during the course of the 
investigation. The Court finds, and the parties agree, that the Guardian ad Litem may rely upon 
and report such hearsay statements to the Court, in writing or by oral testimony, so long as each 
party has advance notice of (1) the identity of the person making the hearsay statement; (2) the 
content of the hearsays statement; and (3) the Guardian ad Litem's intent to rely on such 
statements for the truth of the matter asserted. This Court may also rely on such statements for the 
truth of the matter asserted. If any party has reason to believe that the Guardian ad Litem has 
misstated or misrepresented the out of court statements made by non-testifying witnesses which 
may be relied on by the Guardian ad Litem or by this Court, or if any party desires to 
cross-examine such witnesses, it shall be the responsibility of that party to properly subpoena those 
witnesses to testify at any trial or hearing. 
20. The Guardian ad Litem is also specifically vested with all powers set forth in Rule 
53(d) & (e) of the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure. Pursuant to Rule 53(g)(2), the parties 
may serve any written objections to the Guardian ad Litem's written report within seven days after 
service of the GAL report on the parties. 
21. Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder-Kester shall be responsible for payment of expenses, 
including travel costs that may be incurred by the Guardian ad Litem in investigating this case. 
Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder-Kester shall pay $750.00 to the Guardian ad Litem within 
fourteen (14) days of the date of this Order, to cover anticipated travel costs and other expenses 
that will be incurred in this investigation. Checks shall be made payable to: “Lori Solinger” 
and these payments shall be sent to Lori Solinger, P.O. Box 1788, Batesville, MS 38606. 
Any additional expenses incurred by the Guardian ad Litem in excess of these initial payments 
shall be presented to the Court and will be assessed as the Court may deem appropriate. 
22. The Guardian ad Litem shall be a party to any agreements or plans entered into 
between the parties concerning the minor child or the resolution of this litigation. 
23. The Guardian ad Litem shall be designated by the clerk of court as counsel of record 
for the minor child, and shall be served with copies of all orders, pleadings, discovery, notices and 
other papers filed in this case. 
24. The Clerk of Court is hereby directed to provide copies of this Order to all 
parties and/or their counsel, and to the Guardian ad Litem: Lori Solinger, P.O. Box 1788, 
Batesville, MS 38606; telephone (662) 832-6773; e-mail: lorisolingerlaw@gmail.com. 
17th 
So Ordered, Adjudged and Decreed, this the __/7 day of December 
Romantel whitiner 
CHANCELLOR 
________ 2020. 
Order prepared by: 
Thena! 
попа 
Mona T. Pittman (MSB # 9754) 
P.O. Box 2958 
Oxford, MS 38655 
T: 662-234-9346 
F: 662-234-9748 
mona@panola.com 
8 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I, Mona T. Pittman, do hereby certify that I have this date provided a true and correct copy 
of the foregoing Order Appointing Guardian Ad Litem to: 
This, the 
Mr. Matthew Oliver Reardon 
Pro Se Defendant 
117 CR 401 
Oxford, MS 38655 
Кечн Leth day of December, 2020. 
Пока 
MONA T. PITTMAN 
вы 
9