IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
PLAINTIFF 
V. 
move 
CAUSE NO: CV-2016-422W 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
DEFENDANT 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE having been set for hearing on May 
2017, regarding the Petition 
for Emergency Temporary Relief with Notice filed herein by the party, the Court having heard 
testimony, hereby finds and orders as follows: 
1. That the Petitioner's Petition for Temporary Relief with Notice is well taken and the 
Petitioner is hereby granted continued sole legal and physical custody of the minor 
child. The Court finds that the Petitioner could suffer immediate and irreparable 
injury by the Respondent and the Court should Order this Restraining Order based 
upon the verified Petition. 
2. That the Respondent shall continue unto the Petitioner the amount of $600.00 as child 
support every month on the 1st day of the month beginning May 1, 2017 and 
continuing until further Order of this Court. 
3. That the Respondent shall have no visitation with the parties' minor child until this 
Court deems appropriate. 
4. That the Respondent is restrained from going onto the property of the Petitioner, the 
Petitioner's work, the child's schools or any other place where the child may be and is 
further restricted from contacting, harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or 
otherwise interfering with the Petitioner and/or the minor child. The Respodent is 
further restrained form being located within 500 yards from Phyllis and from L.E.R., 
the minor child of the parties; from visiting or contacting the residence of the 
Plaintiff, having contact with the Plaintiff or L.E.R., in person through third parties, 
phone, text, computer or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or 
indirectly. 
5. That the Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi and his deputies and all other law 
enforcement officers, city, county or state, should be authorized, empowered and 
directed immediately to take Matthew Oliver Reardon into custody, without further 
order, and incarcerate him in the Lafayette County Jail if he violates any provision of 
this Temporary Restraining Order. 
This matter is continued for further hearing until the 
9th 
day of May, 2017, at 
the Lafayette County Courthouse, is Oxford, Mississippi, at 9:30 a.m. or as soon 
thereafter as the parties may be heard. 
SO ORDERED on this, the 
day of May, 2017. 
lieve PK 
на 
MONA T. PITTMAN MSB # 9754 
Attorney for Plaintiff P.O. Box 2958 
Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: (662) 234-9346 mona@@panola.com 
Ринитчешский 
CHANCELLOR