IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER-KESTEFAYETTE COUNPLAINTIFF/PETITIONER 
VS 
2021 SEP -9 CAUSE NUMBER: CV-2016-422W 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDONCHANCERY CLECO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDENT 
BY DC 
CO-PLAINTIFF'S ANSWER AND COUNTER-CLAIM TO PETITION FOR MODIFICATION, 
CITATION FOR CONTEMPT, AND OTHER RELIEF 
COMES NOW, your CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDENT, Matthew Oliver Reardon and files his 
answer and counter-claim to the co-plaintiff's petition as allowable under rule 81(d) and for good 
cause would state unto the Court the following: 
1. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDENT admits the claim in paragraph 1 of Plaintiff's 
Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief 
2. 
3. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDENT PARTIALLY ADMITS AND PARTIALLY 
DENIES the claim in paragraph 2 of Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for 
Contempt, and Other Relief 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDENT DENIES the claims made in paragraph 3 of 
Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief and states that 
this is yet again another far reaching stunt by the Petitioner and Petitioner's legal counsel 
to make "blindfolded" assertions, a tactic consistent with prior proceedings involving your 
plaintiff in which evidence showed plaintiff's claims to be false, frivolous, and brought in 
bad faiththe prior proceedings brought by the petitioner in which your Co-Plaintiff stayed 
consistent since the beginning showing the claims made by petitioner were false, frivolous, 
brought with ill intent, and detrimentally harmful to the minor child and the bond she has 
with her father. 
4. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDANT DENIES the claims made in paragraph 4 of 
Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief and states that he has met every obligation required of him despite petitioner continuously contumaciously violating nearly every provision and lawful requirement of each visitation order put in place by this court. Each time, Co-Plaintiff has raised grievances to this fact and the extended 
5. 
time robbed of him with the minor child due to petitioner feeling she has authority to "call 
the shots" in refusing to honor her obligations of all signed orders of visitation based on 
falsified events petitioner and petitioner's counsel came up with. Meanwhile petitioner has 
continued to dodge any type of deterring punishment for her contumacious actions which 
would go to ensuring her future compliance with orders established by this court. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDANT DENIES the claims made in paragraph 5 of 
Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief, further stating 
this paragraph is MOOT and clearly a sham attempt by petitioner's legal counsel to 
unnecessarily lengthen their petition filed by unnecessarily repeating petitioner's same 
erroneous claims 
6. 
7. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDANT DENIES the claims made in paragraph 6 of 
Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief and states that 
the key phrase in the stated clause states "IF SHE IS NO LONGER ELIGIBLE”. 
Respondent states that it was the sole decision of Petitioner to remove the minor child from 
Medicaid and further incur additional costs of privatized insurance through BlueCross 
BlueShield due to her spouse's employment. Co-Plaintiff was never given any option by 
petitioner and states that the minor child would in fact have been eligible for Medicaid the 
entire time based upon the combined income of petitioner and co-plaintiff/respondent. Co- 
Plaintiff/Respondent would note that the determination of Medicaid Coverage is made 
based on the income of the natural parents of the minor child and NOT the petitioner and 
her spouse's income as petitioner seems to remain confused about. Co-Plaintiff attempted 
to explain this to petitioner at no avail. Therefore, due to petitioner taking it on herself to 
remove the minor child from Medicaid, the additional incurred costs of privatized insurance 
are costs to be borne by the petitioner. Co-Plaintiff would further request that petitioner 
produce a letter of denial from Medicaid with any reason for denial listed as well as what income was reported by the petitioner if in fact a letter of denial was issued. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDANT DENIES the claims made in paragraph 7 of 
Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief, further stating 
this paragraph is MOOT and clearly a sham attempt by petitioner's legal counsel to 
unnecessarily lengthen their petition filed by unnecessarily repeating petitioner's same 
erroneous claims 
8. 
9. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDANT DENIES the claims made in paragraph 8 of 
Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief, further stating 
that the petitioner has had an obligation under that rule along with the JOINT LEGAL 
CUSTODY which co-plaintiff/respondent by order is supposed to share, which naturally 
would involve communicating and providing proof of any extra-curricular activities the 
minor child had interest in participating in. Co-Plaintiff/Respondent states that there has 
been no mention of the such, and primarily due to petitioner going on hiatus for the majority 
of the time court orders have been in place, further blocking not only communication about 
the minor child, but blocking all communication and visitation between the minor child and 
her father despite co-plaintiff/respondent meeting all obligations of his child support each 
and every month. In addition, Respondent would show unto the court that the Petitioner is 
barred from bringing such claims by the doctrine of clean hands as the Petitioner has 
willfully, repeatedly, maliciously, and contumaciously violated the terms of the Child 
Custody, Visitation, and Child Support Agreement that she entered into with the Co- 
Plaintiff/Respondent 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDANT DENIES the claims made in paragraph 9 of 
Plaintiff's Petition for Modification, Citation for Contempt, and Other Relief and would 
show unto the court that the Petitioner is barred from bringing such claims by the doctrine 
of clean hands as the Petitioner has willfully, repeatedly, maliciously, and contumaciously 
violated the terms of the Child Custody, Visitation, and Child Support Agreement that she 
entered into with the Co-Plaintiff/Respondent 
10. 
The CO-PLAINTIFF/RESPONDENT DENIES That the PLAINTIFF should be awarded 
any attorney's fees for her attorney because the DEFENDANT is, indeed, not in willful or 
deliberate violation of the prior judgment or decree pursuant to Dunaway v. Busbin, 498 
So.2d 1218, 1222 (Miss. 1986) (emphasis added); Newell v. Hinton, 556 So.2d 1037,1044 
(Miss. 1990), and that the Petitioner is in fact in direct violation of the Clean Hands 
Doctrine. Furthermore, Respondent requests that pursuant to Newell v. Hinton, 556 So.2d 
103 7, I 043 (Miss. 1990) and Stauffer v. Stauffer, 379 So.2d922, 924 (Miss 1980), it is 
proper for the Respondent to be awarded a nominal monetary amount as legal fees for 
having to defend against such claims amidst other time consuming legal matters involving among others, a currently ongoing appeal in the Mississippi Court of Appeals which 
11. 
12. 
petitioner and petitioner's counsel have an interest in derailing and are currently attempting 
to derail through the intentional deprivation of respondent's minor child as well as the 
frivolous bringing of this petition to interfere with the ongoing legal matters. 
NOW, having answered the Plaintiff's petition, Co-Plaintiff/Respondent Matthew Oliver 
Reardon, brings forth his counter-claim 
That Plaintiff wishes to quash the withholding order and immediately suspend all child 
support money to be paid out to Defendant. Plaintiff understands his financial obligation to his child, however, the dangers of an individual continuing to go in contempt of a 
visitation order set forth by this court has progressed considerably past any type of warning 
from this court the defendants counsel will likely argue for. By now when assessing the 
frequency of Plaintiff's fictitious statements, continued contumacious acts against a 
visitation order, and the continued victimization of respondent in ways that are criminal 
and in violation of state and federal law, this honorable court has an obligation to issue a 
deterring and fitting punishment in order to curve plaintiff from her contumacious ways. 
Plaintiff lost the entire year of 2020 (12+ months) of not seeing his minor child due to the 
defendant's lies and that is time no matter what he can't get back. To date he has lost the 
majority of agreed upon time with his minor child in 2021 to include ALL summer vacation 
and Fathers Day. It's these reasons that Plaintiff feels as an abrupt temporary end to child 
support paid out to defendant is warranted as this destructive behavior must be curbed and 
it shouldn't be at the further victimization of the plaintiff by the defendant in this cause 
Co-Plaintiff/Respondent formally requests that this honorable court re-open the Department of Child Protective Services Records which were turned over to this court during the last proceedings and address them as to the petitioner's fictitious claims from the last proceedings in which she knowingly claimed under penalty of perjury (among other things) that DCPS had advised her to cease visitation. Co-Plaintiff would show this as the matter was agreed upon to be closed out pending adherence to the signed order by this court. On or before June 5, 2021, petitioner withheld all visitation regarding the minor child and has ever since including communication. As such, the agreed upon order became nullified by the petitioner due to her contumacious actions of withholding the minor child from her father, and as such justify the reopening of the DCPS records for assessment and 
perjury proceedings 
13. 
That the PLAINTIFF be found in willful and contumacious Civil and Criminal contempt 
by this Court in order to help curb the intentional victimization of Respondent by 
Petitioner/Plaintiff and her legal counsel 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
This honorable court should have an OBLIGATION to send a deterring, punishing message to the 
PLAINTIFF along with PLAINTIFF'S legal counsel whom have either assisted the Plaintiff in the 
execution of her manipulation stunts continuously waging an undeserved legal war on Respondent 
to stack overburden and stresses with the end goal of permanently ridding a caring father from his 
daughter's life. If PLAINTIFF'S legal counsel did not assist in the execution of these stunts, at the 
bare minimum Plaintiff's legal counsel neglected their own ethical obligations all attorneys must 
maintain. To help curb future instances such as this or much worse as Respondent has suffered 
from for 4-years at the hands of the Plaintiff. plaintiff moves for this court to issue sanctions as 
allowable under MRCP 11. Co-Plaintiff/Respondent prays upon this court the following: 
A. That the PLAINTIFF be found in willful and contumacious Civil and Criminal contempt 
by this Court; 
B. That the PLAINTIFF be ordered to immediately purge herself of contempt 
C. That the PLAINTIFF be ordered to share JOINT PHYSICAL CUSTODY to match the 
LEGAL CUSTODY currently shared 
D. That if JOINT PHYSICAL 
CUSTODY 
is 
not granted that CO- 
PLAINTIFF/RESPONDENT be allowed to make up the extended time with the minor 
child which was robbed from him due to the malice hands of the Petitioner/Plaintiff 
E. That the previous Order of the Court be modified to restrict the PLAINTIFF's interference in the DEFENDANT's parenting of the minor child and to provide that should the PLAINTIFF continue to interfere with the RESPONDENT'S rights and continue to deprive the minor child of her father, the PLAINTIFF shall forfeit any unrestricted or 
unsupervised visitations which the Court might find fit to grant the PLAINTIFF upon 
modification of the custody Order. 
F. That the PLAINTIFF be denied any award of attorney's fees for her attorney of record 
because the RESPONDENT is, indeed, not in willful or deliberate violation of the prior 
judgment or decree due to PLAINTIFF bringing this action with unclean hands by willful 
or deliberate violation of the prior judgement or decree 
G. That the RESPONDENT be awarded $40,000 accounting for the costs and time lost, 
injuries inflicted on Respondent's marriage and family life and mental anguish both present 
and future bestowed upon Respondent at the malice hands of the PLAINTIFF 
Co-Plaintiff/Respondent respectfully moves that all costs of this court be taxed to Phyllis 
Crowder-Kester and prays for any other relief in which he may be entitled to receive, both 
special or general 
Respectfully Submitted this 9th day of September, 2021 
Matthew Reardon 
Co-Plaintiff/Respondent 
PO Box 1360 
Bruce, MS 38915 
662-205-6711 
matt@mattreardon.com