IN THE CHANCERY CO{llff.'fffl?¥M~HE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
MATTHEW OLlVER REARDON
PLAINTIFF /PETITIONER
vs
CAUSE NUMBER-CV2016-422W
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER-KESTER
DEFENDANT
EMERGENCY PETITION FOR CITATION OF CONTEMPT, MODIFICATION OF CUSTODY
AND CHILD SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
COMES NOW the Petitioner/Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon, and files this Emergency
Petition For Citation of Contempt , Modification of Custody and child support agreement, and
prayer for emergency injunctive relief against the Defendant, Phyllis Crowder-Kester and her
attorney In support these requests there of your petitioner would respectfully show unto the Court
the following:
1.
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter.
2.
That the Defendant, Phyllis Crowder-Kester, is an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County,
Mississippi, and may be served with process at her residence in Lafayette County or wherever she
may be found.
3.
On May 22, 2018, This Court entered an Agreed Order ofMoldification regarding child visitation,
a true and correct copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "A"
I
4.
That the defendant abruptly ceased communication between the plaintiff and his minor child in or
around January 20th, 2020 and has willfully, maliciously, and contumaciously refused to abide by
the orders of this court under the false disguise and repetitive assertment of it being at the
advisement of Department of Child Services (DCS). Plaintiff would show that this bizarre behavior
would amount to nothing more than further unsubstantiated, /invoked lies by the defendant. The
plaintiff would further show that this was yet again a false narrative that the defendant has chosen to
run with all the way in a completely ridiculous, vile attempt to demonize the plaintiff. Defendant
has refused to let the plaintiff even speak with his child and petitioner also alleges that the
defendant has even gone out of her way to prevent the plaintiff from having eye contact with his
minor child. Defendant has contumaciously breached this court's agreements established over and
over again throughout the span of the minor child's life without care for the agreements established
by this court as well as moral decency through intentionally prelenting communication between the
plaintiff and his minor child. The Defendants malicious, contumacious actions have resulted in
mental anguish and emotional trauma on not only the plaintii' but also on the plaintiff's spouse
Madelyn Claire Reardon (MCR) as well as her 6 year old daughter whom was not only the half
sister of, but also best friends with the petitioners minor child, LER. It is of the Plaintiffs
impression that the defendant's jealousy of a new sibling being born was the willful cause of this
contumacious action due to the defendant demonstrating the same harmful choices and malicious
behavior in May of 2018 after the plaintiffs 2nd child was born on 4/30/18. The Defendant also
chose to retaliate against the Plaintiff by her intentional act of keeping the minor child away due to
her being arrested and booked in January 2020 on a warrant issued by Olive Branch Police
Department in or around January of 2019 for the Defendant's intentional plot to falsely charge the
plaintiff with rape in November of 2018. Plaintiff would further show that the conduct of the
Defendant as well as the Defendant's legal council have far surpassed self-assuming the role of
Judge, Jury, and Executioner, and that the malicious, frivolous,1and false claims not only have met
but have exceeded the threshold required for Slander, Defamation of Character, Abuse of Process,
and Malicious Prosecution. The plaintiff would further demonstrate to this court that by admission
on a recorded phone call on July 20, 2019 the defendant admitted to conspiracy with her present
husband in discussing the obnoxious attempt to falsely accuse the Plaintiff of raping her in
November of 2018. As such, it is the absolute intent of the petitioner to bring separate tort causes
seeking remedies to the damages inflicted in the appropriate courts for relief from such actions.
5.
The Plaintiff has demonstrated remarkable restraint despite the aforementioned and even more so
with the Defendant attempting to falsely assert that the plaintiff molested the minor child a year
before that, in September of 2017. The Defendant and her attorney have taken full advantage of
this court and the legal process in turn creating not only a legal crisis under false pretenses, but a
constitutional crisis under false pretenses. The petitioner would move this court for a hearing on
said matters if the Defendant wishes to contest that which is asserted, but unlike the Defendants
actions and behavior, the plaintiff respects this court's time as well as his own and will not further
elaborate on the actions of the defendant and her attorney unless the Defendant wishes to contest
the aforementioned, and/or a hearing on this matter is requested or granted by this court.
6.
The Proverbial Last Straw came August 26th of 2020 when the defendant filed yet again another
petition of false allegations with this court in another vile attempt to manipulate the legal system
and further reduce the plaintiff's rights as father of the minor child by seeking to modify the
custody order entered by this court. Said filing was a completely frivolous filing, and one that (at
the time it was made) made no sense whatsoever. However, the Plaintiff realized the motive behind
Mccy
said filing allow the Defendant's second attorney Christi to further attack the character of
plaintiff/petitioner, a US Marine Corps Veteran, in a completely vile attempt to defend her client
against the charge levied by Olive Branch PD after her client's 1bhorrent, reputable, and downright
I
disgusting false allegation of rape placed on the father of her child. An obvious attempt to
characterize the defendant as somebody she clearly is not while she was pleaing out to making a
false report of rape in an attempt to reduce the sentence levird. Plaintiff would assert that this
likely is the main reason a summons was never sought on the petition for modification that the
defendant filed with this court on August 26, 2020 because nJ only was it MOOT, but frivolous,
+jury
slanderous, along with the defendant committing the crime of through the lies allegated on
filinr
her signed and sworn affidavit which is attached to the said and is attached as EXHIBIT B
7.
The Plaintiff would show unto this court that through multiJle (recorded) phone calls with the
Department of Children's Services, the plaintiff was advised that complaint (and all complaints for
that matter) were dismissed as unfounded, and the defendant was and is well aware of that, to
include her legal counsel.
8.
Plaintiff would finally bestow upon this court the attendance r cord of the minor child at Lafayette
Elementary School which would show I 1 absences for the miTr child in the first month and a half
of school being in session. For any child this should be com letely unacceptable and shunned in
any situation, particularly in this situation in which the mino child was born over three months
premature resulting in developmental delays. Plaintiff states to this court that it is for these reasons
stated which would not only warrant a modification of the child custody order reverting primary
custody of the minor child to the father and require assessme1t of child support on the defendant.
For far too long the plaintiff has fallen victim, lost time he will never get back, and has suffered
financially due to the lies asserted by the defendant. With the attached evidence Petitioner would
move this honorable court for a trial at its earliest available time. Petitioner would also move this
court to consider the bizarre occurrences that have occurred and to grant petitioner an emergency
trial on said facts and additional evidence petitioner is prepared to present before this court.
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED,
The Plaintiff would pray unto this court to assess the seriousness of the allegations stated within
this petition, take into consideration the complete disregard for human decency and care for the
minor child demonstrated by the actions and decisions of the defendant, the extreme nature of the
contumacious actions of the defendant and her continued lies invoking Child Protective Services as
a reason to prevent plaintiffs access to his child as ironed out in the visitation agreement on file
I
with this court, AND TO AWARD SOLE PHYSICAL ANID LEGAL CUSTODY TO THE
PLAINTIFF as the minor child has been unfairly and immor lly held from the plaintiff for the
majority of her life.
The Plaintiff/Movant Matthew O Reardon through his filing and affirmed under sworn oath
I
and affidavit would also show that the Defendant Phyllis Crowder-Kester be required to
pay to the Plaintiff Matthew O Reardon, a reasonable surrJ as to the costs, time, and mental
I
anguish bestowed upon him at the malice hands of the Defendant for his having to
compose and bring forth this action. As such and as app opriate pursuant to Dunaway v.
Busbin, 498 So.2d 1218, 1222 (Miss. 1986) {emphasis added); Newell v. Hinton, 556
So.2d 1037,1044 (Miss. 1990) that this court tax all costs associated with bringing this
action to the Defendant Phyllis Crowder-Kester.
The plaintiff respectfully prays unto this court to direct sanctions or whatever means it
deems appropriate to the defendant's council as a deterrent going forward for the untrue,
frivolous, mentally exhausting, and time intensive legal procedures along with the
intimidation tactics they brought about by way of the Defendant which in turn have not
only burdened this court but have caused real damages by their continuation in abusing the
legal system in place to directly harm the plaintiff's reputation and separate a loving and
caring father from his child's life.
Finally, The Plaintiff prays upon this court to issue an emergency injunction and order of
protection against the Defendant on behalf of the plaintiff, the plaintiff's wife (Madelyn
Claire Reardon), the plaintiff's step-daughter (MGL), anl the plaintiff's other two minor
children (ACR and MRR). That injunction be made permanent and that the injunction also
include the defendant's attorneys for the reasons listed within this petition
The Plaintiff formally submits this 7 page Emergency petition with exhibits and signed
affidavit to the Chancery Court of Lafayette County on the 8th Day of October 2020
Respectfully Submitted this 8th Day of October
Matthew O. Reardon Notary puWfo••······
•• o•'" Miss,·•
• ······•·, s·•
•·,t.,.~-;;;..p.'< Pu··-..~ ~··
Plaintiff/Petitioner f . v , · ._ · , _. / . - . .. ~ ·o ·' r 8 (. /o·-'.-. o-o•· •
ID # 229349 •.. -•~.
.
: TINA JOHNSON :
11 , -~.. . •
~.,,,,, .·• •. C ommission Expires:"~••
"•;f°~•- Aug. 2, 2024 /~/
• -Lt"•· ···e,•O• •~ •• •
••, j,~•· ..
• •• ,TTE •• •
·········
Under Miss. Code Ann.§ 11-53-17 I, Matthew Reardon, do solemnly swear that I
am a citizen of the State of Mississippi, and because of my poverty I am not able
to pay the costs or give security for the same in the civil action which I am about to
commence in chancery court regarding the above mentioned custody matter and
that, to the best of my belief, I am entitled to the redress which I seek by such suit
~/6~o~c3-~
;P
Matthew 0. Reardon
Plaintiff/ Petitioner
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE
Before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid county and state, personally
appeared the within named MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON, who states that he signed the above
and foregoing instrument on the day and date therein mentioned, and that the facts and things
contained therein are true and correct as therein stated.
=jt>-r-J-,:,;;.o
~
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON
L~
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED before me, this of Octo_?er 2 0 ~
~a .
Notary Public
.
.
: -.T INA JOHNSON. :
.
.
~.('
.
··
.
•. .C ommission Expir
.
e
...,
s
,·_
/ ~!
••.,, tf.•. Aug.2.2024 .·~ ••
.~• r~~•.· ·······c..o•·\ ,•).
••:-iTE .••
• Ir ••••••
FILEJ) ssF>F\
S1AlE Cf_tjl_.,~~'.; /~ '·:·
LP.fl\':''·':-- .•
H
IN TIIE CHANCE!J,~~f qiAll4\J\.&iETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
MA'ITHEW OLIVER REA~~tt."{ ,:L~:-.. '. PLAINTIFF
... . CAUSE NO.: CV2016-422W
PHYLLIS MARIE CRO~E~~- . . PLAINTIFF
AGREED ORDER FOR MODIFICATION
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court on the Motion To Modify Prior
Order Of The Court and the Court having been advised that the Parties have reached an
agreement in this cause and the Court finding that said agreement is in the best interest of
the child of the parties and therefore the Court adopts the Agreed Order as order of the
Court and therefore orders as follows:
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that there has been a
material change in circumstances in this cause and accordingly the Petitioner, Matthew
Reardon, is ordered and allowed visitation with the minor child of the parties, namely,
Lydia Elise Reardon, as follows:
l. Beginning January 1, 2018, Matthew Reardon shall have visitation with the said
minor child every other week-end from 5:00 p.m. Friday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.
Sunday afternoon at his residence in Water Valley, Mississippi.
2. The Parties, Matthew Reardon and Phyllis Crowder, mutually agree to meet at the
Water Valley Police Department. or some other mutually agreed upon location
outside of Lafayette County, Mississippi, for exchange of the child for visitation
purposes.
A. Summer
Matthew Reardon shall have visitation with the minor child for (4) four weeks
during the summer to be exercised as agreed upon by Parties.
-
B. Holidays
HOLIDAY EVEN YEAR ODD YEAR
New Year's Day Father Mother
Easter Day Mother Father
Memorial Day Father Mother
July 4th Day Mother Father
Labor Day Father Mother
Thanksgiving Day Mother Father
Father shall further have visitation on every even numbered year from December
251b at twelve o'clock {12:00) p.m. until December 31" at six o'clock (6:00) p.m.
On every even numbered year, Father shall enjoy visitation with the parties'
minor child during Christmas holidays every odd numbered year from December
201h at six o'clock (6:00) p.m. until December 25th at 12:00 p.m.
For the Christmas holidays of December, 2017, the parties agree that Matthew
Reardon shall have visitation as mutually agreed between the parties but no less
than (4) four hours on Christmas Eve and/or (4) four hours Christmas Day and 3
other consecutive days during said holidays.
C. Special Days
1. Father's Day
That Father shall have visitation regardless of whose weekend it may fall on
Father's Day from eight o'clock (8:00) a.m. until six o'clock (6:00} p.m.
2. Mother's Day
That Mother shall have visitation regardless of whose weekend it may fall on
Mother's Day from eight o'clock {8:00) a.m. until six o'clock (6:00) p.m.
3. Child's Birthday
Each parent shall have one day of visitation with the minor child on or near
her birthday, regardless of the visitation set out herein.
D. Other
Father shall have other reasonable visitation with the minor child as agreed upon
by the parties.
2
3. That the restraining order entered by this Court on May 9, 2017, is hereby
il-J
ct..s~~
HBet as to Matthew Reardon and Phyllis Crowder and the above mentioned
minor child of the parties.
4. All other matters and issues addressed and ordered by the Cowt shall remain in
full force and effect.
tn
SO ORDERED this the ·12,_., day of ~ .20lt
~/,J-f..,~
CHANCELLOR
AGREED TO BY:
~ -
MA'ITHEW REARDON
~lhifw,V.~
~C.STENNE~
Reardon
~
PRESENTED BY:
Stennett Law Finn
William C. Stennett
319 West Jefferson Street Suite A
Post Office Box 7369
Tupelo, Mississippi 3 8802
Telephone: (662) 842-S0S I
Facsimile: (662) 841-1941
Email: wi1liamcstcnnett@gmait.com
3
~M~~p.f
IN THE CHANCERY COURT PUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER _. LAFAYETTE COWH.Y
_ . PLAINTIFF
1020 AUG, 26 AH 10: 17
vs. CAUSE NUMBER: CV-2016-422W
CLERH
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON
DEFENDANT
BiY10C·'
PETITION FOR CITATION OF MO~D~I-'F-IC~A.;;;;T_I_O_N_AND OTHER RELIEF
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Phyllis Marie Crowder, and files this her Petition for
Modification and Other Relief against the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, and in support thereof
would respectfully show unto the Court the following:
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter.
2.
That the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County,
Mississippi, and may be served with process at his residence in Lafayette County, Mississippi, or
wherever he may be found.
3.
That on August._ _____, This Court entered an Agreed Order of Modifcation
regarding child visitation, a true and correct copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "A".
4.
That there has been a material change in circumstance that has adversely affected the minor
child and therefore visitation with the Defendant has ceased. The Defendant abuses alcohol and/or
other prescription or non-prescription drugs to the point that he no longer safely monitors the minor
child while she is in the Defendant's care which has caused physical injury to the minor child at the
hands of the Defendanfs current wife at which point visitation with the Defendant ceased. The ·
incident was reported to the State of Mississippi Child Protective Services and in the interim, the
Plaintiff was advised to cease all visitation with the Defendant. The Plaintiff therefore requests the
Court and for a Guardian Ad Litem to be appointed for the minor child.
5.
Additionally the Plaintiff would show that the Defendant's behavior has become erratic both on
social media and in person and the Plaintiff fears for the safety of the minor child for the Defendant to
be exercising the current visitation in the midst of the pandemic.
6.
Plaintiff would show that Defendant Matthew Oliver Reardon should be required to pay to the
Petitioner, Phyllis Marie Crowder, a reasonable sum as attorney's fees for having to bring forth this
action and that all costs of Court should be taxed to Matthew Oliver Reardon.
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder respectfully
requests that the Court grant unto her the following relief:
1. That the Court find that there has been a material change in circumstances which have
had an adverse effect on the minor child and that visitation with the Defendant cease.
2. That Phyllis Marie Crowder be awarded reasonable attorney's fees and costs suffered in
bringing this matter; and,
3. That if mistaken for the relief prayed for and entitled to, then the Plaintiff prays for such
other, further, general, specific or special relief to which she may be entitled.
RESPECTFULLYSUBMITIE the~of+---~~f',-v:::~--··2020.
1 •
AT.P ,
Attorney for the Plaintiff
P. 0. Box 2958
Oxford, Mississippi 38655
Telephone: (662) 234-9346
Facsimile: (662) 234-9748 (Facsimile)
mona@panola.com
STA TE OF MISSISSIPPI
COUNTY OF LAF AY ETIE
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid County and
State, the within named, Phyllis Marie Crowder, who, after being first duly sworn, states that the
matters contained in the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt are true and correct as
therein stated.
This the~ day of August 2020.
2-.Lday
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME, this the of August 2020.
~
a....2n.-J~
SY
OTARY PUBLIC
MY COMMISS,sIO;~ /XPIRES:
I
~ 2.Da. '-f
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY MISSISSIPPI
PLAINTIFF
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON
Vs.
DEFENDANT
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER
SUMMONS
THE ST ATE OF MISSISSIPPI
TO: PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER
Wherever SHE May Be Found
TAKE NOTICE that a hearing wiJJ be held in the above styled and numbered action to which you
are a Defendant on the 10th day of November, 2020 at 9:30 a.m., at Lafayette County Chancery
Building in Oxford, Mississippi.
( ) The action against you is one described by Rule Sl(dXI), MRCP, which is triable 30 days
after completion of service of process in any manner other than by publication, or 30 days after
the fint publication where process is by publication.
( X) The action against you is one described by Rule 8l(d)(2), MRCP, which is triable 7 days
after service of process in any manner other than by publication or 30 days after the first
publication where process is by publication.
Attached to this Summons is a copy of EMERGENCY PETITION FOR
CITATION OF CONTEMPT, MODIFICATION OF CUSTODY AND CHILD
SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. Although
Rule 8l(d)(4) does not require you to file an answer or other pleading, you may do so if you
deem it necessary to properly develop the issues, or if you are required to do so by the
Court.
In the event, however, YOU SHOULD APPEAR IN COURT IN PERSON ON THE DA TE,
TIME AND AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED ABOVE to defend the action. Failure to appear may result in
a judgment against you.
ISSUED under my hand and seal of said CouEthnis the 15tuh Day of October, 2020.
~\/lil. ~
~,,,,,111111111,,,,,,,,
'!,,,,,\~CERy i,,,., ---
~
(S~~~\
~CHAN~ERY;C~LECRKO URT
*
~ ;_: { j § BY:
-\~-n- ·\ ...... .... ./
·
~
t:1
-
)
l
-
,_.c,~~::..!....l~=--
Deputy Clerk
~~ «,;'A,:-•~... ..c ou~.. .\ '~A~ ,~
§ '
1////111//111111\I\\\\\\