IN THE JUSTICE COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY FILED 
DEC 03 2021 
VS. 
JEFF BUSBY 
ARCHIT CLERK 
MATTHEW REARDON 
D.C 
CAUSE NOS. 9290609,9290610, 
9291197, 9291198, 9291202 
BY. 
MOTION TO ALTER OR AMEND JUDGEMENT UNDER M.R.C.P 59(E) OR IN THE ALTERNATIVE 
TO VACATE JUDGEMENT ENTERED PURSUANT TO M.R.C.P 60(B)(1,2,4,6) 
I. 
Comes now before the court Matthew Reardon, your Defendant, whom respectfully moves this 
court under the above-mentioned cause numbers to grant Defendant's MOTION TO ALTER OR 
AMEND JUDGEMENT or in the alternative TO VACATE THE JUDGEMENT ENTERED. On 
Multiple Occasions prior to trial commencing. Defendant made the State known of major 
deficiencies which were inconsistent with Due Process of Law, and in fact the violations 
amounted to a complete deprivation of Defendant's Due Process Rights Defendant offers the 
following justifying facts and reasons for this request to be GRANTED in support of his motion: 
The Introduction and Use of Knowingly Perjurious Testimony in Order to Procure a Conviction 
1. 
A criminal conviction procured by the state prosecuting authorities solely by the use of 
perjured testimony known by them to be perjured and knowingly used by them in order 
to procure the conviction is without due process of law, and in violation of the 
Fourteenth Amendment. Mooney Vs Holohan P. 294 U. S. 112. 
2t The due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment governs any action of a State 
through its legislature, its courts, or its executive officers, including action through its 
prosecuting officers. P. 294 U. S. 112. 
3. When a Conviction is obtained by the presentation of testimony known to the 
prosecuting authorities to have been perjured, Due Process has been violated. This clause 
cannot be deemed to be satisfied by mere notice, and hearing. 
4. If the prosecutor knew or should have known that testimony given to the trial was perjured, 
the conviction must be set aside if there is any reasonable likelihood that the false testimony 
could have affected the judgment of the jury (427 U.S. v Agurs 103, 104) 
5. If a state has contrived a conviction, through the pretense of a trial, which in truth is but 
used as a means of depriving a defendant of liberty through a deliberate, deception of the 
court and jury through the presentation of testimony known to be perjured, it is without due 
process of law and in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
II. Suppression of Evidence / Failure to Preserve Evidence Crucial to Trial 
1. In Brady v. Maryland, the Court held that the suppression by the prosecution of evidence 
favorable to an accused upon request violates due process where the evidence is material 
either to guilt or to punishment, irrespective of the good faith or bad faith of the 
prosecution 
2. The heart of the holding in Brady is the prosecution's suppression of evidence, in the face 
of a defense production request, where the evidence is favorable to the accused and is 
material either to guilt or to punishment. Important, then, are: 
a) Suppression by the prosecution after a request by the defense 
b) The evidence's favorable character for the defense 
c) The materiality of the evidence. 
3. In United States v. Agurs, the Court summarized and expanded the prosecutor's obligation to disclose to the defense exculpatory evidence in his possession, even in the absence of a request, or upon a general request, by defendant 
4. If the defense specifically requested certain evidence and the prosecutor withheld it, the 
conviction must be set aside if the suppressed evidence might have affected the outcome 
of the trial. (427 Brady v. Maryland 104, 106) 
5. If the defense did not make a request at all, or simply asked for all Brady material or for 
anything exculpatory, a duty resides in the prosecution to reveal to the defense obviously 
exculpatory evidence. (427 US v. Agurs 106, 114) 
6. If the prosecutor did not reveal the relevant information, reversal of a conviction may be 
required if the undisclosed evidence creates a reasonable doubt as to the defendant's guilt 
(427 US v Agurs 106, 114) 
7. Evidence is considered to be material if there is a reasonable probability that, had the 
evidence been disclosed to the defense, the outcome of the proceeding would have been 
different (US v Bagley) 
8. The standard applied in US Vs Bagley not only applies to exculpatory material, but also to 
material that would be relevant to the impeachment of witnesses 
9. The Court has held that Brady suppression occurs when the government fails to turn over 
even evidence that is 'known only to police investigators and not to the prosecutor 
10. The prosecutor has a duty to learn of any favorable evidence known to others acting on the 
government's behalf in the case, including police. Youngblood v. West Virginia, 547 U.S. 867 
III. 
Sufficiency of Witness Testimony and Evidence 
1. 
2. 
The State has the necessary burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt every fact necessary to 
constitute the crime charged. 
The Defense unwaveringly feels that the State of Mississippi has failed in proving every fact 
necessary to constitute the crime of DUI charged through the combined testimony of Deputy 
Beavers and Deputy Williford. Not only do statements made by Beavers and Williford 
contradict themselves, but the prosecutor in this matter seemingly has condoned the 
actions of the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department in their failure to preserve and maintain 
key evidence that was requested by Defense for the purposes of trial. Defendant further states 
the following key facts: 
a) Neither Deputy Beavers nor Deputy Williford had a dash camera in their patrol vehicle 
b) Neither Deputy wore a body camera at that time 
c) Deputy Williford testified to a headlight being out as the cause of the traffic stop, not swerving 
or any other sign of an intoxicated driver would generally show. 
d) Defendant verbally expressed his right and desire to speak with an attorney when Deputy 
Beavers insisted on transporting Defendant away from the site of the traffic stop to the 
Lafayette County Detention Center for the purpose of conducting a field sobriety test. 
e) Lafayette County Sheriff's Department retained zero video evidence of the standard field 
sobriety test being administered in the Sallyport of Lafayette County Sheriffs Department 
f) Sheriff Joey East confirmed at trial that the camera(s) footage in the sallyport was not preserved 
despite timely requests by the Defendant. 
g) Defendant stated in advance that he did not consent to transport from the site of the 
traffic stop to the Lafayette County Detention Center for the purposes of a field 
sobriety test being administered. Defendant asked to speak to an attorney as he 
thought this was an extremely odd request and Defendant wanted to perform the test out 
in the open in the presence of his spouse in order to have video evidence and an eye 
witness to the test being administered. 
h) Despite all places Defendant could have been administered a standard field sobriety test 
(SFST) in view of a camera/video, Deputy Beavers insisted upon the Sallyport of the 
Lafayette County Sheriffs Department, a supposed "secure" environment. However 
despite multiple requests for the video cameras in the sallyport which would have 
captured the SFST being administered, Defendant was advised on the week leading 
up to trial commencing that the Lafayette County Sheriff never retained the video from 
the Sallyport. Why would Beavers or East not ensure that video evidence of the SFST 
was retained, and particularly given all other transpired events? 
i) 
Defendant's vehicle was never truly searched by Deputy Williford which Defendant's 
spouse was an eye witness to. Even more bizarre was that the Defendant was never 
searched until being booked in for the alleged charge of DUI at the Lafayette County 
Detention Center. Both deputies alleged that the source of odor of burnt marijuana 
came from the vehicle and not the body of Defendant. However, both deputies 
allowed Defendant's wife to drive his vehicle away after Defendant was placed in the 
back of Beaver's patrol car for transport to LCDC for a SFST to be administered. In the 
eyes of Defendant, this in particular demonstrates that the deputies either knew that 
know illegal substance was present, or simply didn't care and solely cared about getting 
Defendant onto their turf and further dismissing the presence of Defendant's Spouse 
3. 
The Defense unwaveringly feels that the State of Mississippi has failed in proving every fact 
necessary to constitute the crime of Disorderly Conduct and Resisting Arrest, and that the record 
reflects some of the most obnoxious, skewed, perjurious testimony and statements which 
Defendant asserts is a conspiracy between two officers under color of law attempting to deprive a 
private citizen of his constitutional rights, through a rogue deviation of policy and procedure. To 
supplement this, Defendant attests to the following facts: 
a) Defendant went to the Sheriff's Department that particular day to attempt to (ideally) enlist the 
assistance of the Lafayette County Sheriff after Defendant stated over and over that he had 
fallen victim to steady ongoing attacks of criminal conspiracy by his ex-girlfriend/mother of 
his first-born child. 
b) Defendant audio recorded the encounter with Deputy Dixon whom told Reardon he needed to 
move his car. Defendant would note that at this point it was after normal business hours, and 
that the sign in front of the spot he parked in stated "Reserved For Sheriffs Dept". It didn't 
state reserved for Sheriffs Deputies Only, It didn't state authorized vehicles only. Not to 
mention there has been no mention of any county or state ordinance which delegates the 
authority to limit parking in such a way, and Defendant was at the Sheriffs Department on 
official business to speak to the Sheriff whom ignored Defendant's emails seeking assistance 
with his grievances 
c) That pursuant to Article 3 Section 5 of the Mississippi Constitution, Government Originates 
in the People. Further, Section 6 allows for the regulation of Government,and Section 11 gives right 
to Peaceful Assemblage; Right to Petition the Government. Defendant hasn't waivered since the 
beginning that his sole goal was to get help from the Sheriff whom wouldn't respond to his grievance 
via email. Therefore he (the people whom Government originates) attempted to regulate a government 
entity in attempting to get the Sheriff to enforce the laws evenly and equally, providing equal 
protections under the laws of the state after he already had identified ongoing 
situations in which he was victim to crimes that were directed to him. This is not unlawful 
and it most certainly did not warrant and justify the takedown/assault by Courtney Dixon and 
Ethan Tidwell simply for him stating that he wanted to speak to Sheriff Joey East and stating 
that he wasn't being disorderly while turning his shoulders attempting to just move his car to 
another spot which is shown on the video and audio evidence. 
d) In the police reports of Dixon and Tidwell, both deputies made distinct reference to Defendant 
verbalizing "No" three separate times. However, Defendant never once said No as the deputies 
claimed in their statements, and as such Defendant has alleged that this dangerous discovery 
would raise much more than a suspicion that these two deputies conspired together to falsely 
justify their very physical arrest that never should have been made, and in doing so certainly 
demonstrates a conspiracy between two officers on behalf of the state acting under color of 
law to deprive a private citizen of his civil/constitutional rights which he was trying to protect 
when he commuted to the Lafayette County Sheriffs Office on 12/28/2020 in the first place. 
e) 
Deputy Dixon also stated in his sworn affidavit to justify the additional stacked charge of 
Resisting Arrest that Defendant "Resisted by violence and running away from his lawful arrest 
by Courtney Dixon, a state law enforcement officer in Lafayette County". This simply was not 
the case and the video evidence goes to further proving that Dixon once again provided perjured 
testimony, as the story at trial became that Defendant tensed up when tackled to the ground. 
However, defendant states that tensing up when being tackled especially in such situation would be a 
pretty common occurrence unintended to be resisting in nature. 
f) Dixon and Tidwell both stated that Defendant was advised he was under arrest and told to 
place his hands behind his back. This again was untrue and further builds the intended 
conspiracy committed by these deputies as the audio recording proves that Dixon never 
audibly said that defendant was under arrest, nor did he ever ask Reardon to place his hands 
behind his back when initiating the aggressive takedown and subsequent arrest to follow. 
g) 
Sheriff Joey East testified to Defendant's arrival to the Sheriffs Department that day, stating that he 
pulled in and went to the back of his truck to see if Defendant would approach him. However when 
the video evidence was slowed down and played, the evidence shows he never went to the 
back of his vehicle as stated and instead rushed inside the sheriffs department clearly intent 
on avoiding conversation about Defendant and his grievance which fell in the Sheriff's 
Jurisdiction. 
h) 
It is at this point that Defendant alleges the Sheriff sent Dixon out to "do his bidding” and get the 
Defendant to leave, through one way or another. Tidwell meets Dixon whom is exiting the side 
exit of the Sheriffs Department to provide backup. The Lafayette County Sheriff then gives 
unbelievably sloppy and unprofessional testimony to the fact that he heard what sounded like a girl 
being attacked and screaming outside to which he then exited the Sheriff's Department and 
proceeded out to the scene of the arrest. 
IV. Defendant was DENIED the right to a Trial by Jury of his peers 
1) Defendant hereby raises the constitutionality of such ruling and seeks review of such by Federal 
Question to be filed in the US District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi 
2) Miss Code Ann 99-33-9 specifies the state's right to a Jury Trial. It specifies that if potential 
incarceration is more than 6 months the Defendant is entitled that right. On the contrary, if the 
potential incarceration is less than 6 months the defendant is not entitled to a Jury Trial. There are 
two matters in particular which are not addressed and those issues include: 
a) An alleged crime which sees potential incarceration of 6 months even. 
-The state statute specifically defines more than 6 months as a guaranteed right to a trial 
by jury and less than 6 months potential incarceration as there being no right to trial by 
jury... What about 6 months even? 
b) Multiple alleged crimes/charges in which the potential concurrent stacking of potential 
incarceration far exceeds that of a total of 6-month's time. If potential sentence can be 
consecutively executed, would this not amount to egregious violation of the sixth 
amendment of the Federal Constitution along with Article 3 section 31 of the State of 
Mississippi Constitution detailed out in its Bill of Rights? 
3) Defendant stood trial for 9 separate criminal complaints brought by Lafayette County Sheriffs 
Department and Liz Crowder which Defendant has stated since day one were brought 
improperly with ill intention, in retaliation on Defendant for his seeking vindication and justice 
for a matter in 2017, and in an effort to knowingly interfere with ongoing legal matters that 
presently sit before the MS Supreme Court and Court of Appeals. 
V. 
Defendant alleges that the verdict lacked sufficient evidence and was derived from knowingly 
perjurious testimony being introduced at trial by the Lafayette County Prosecutor, and that 
Defendant feels that the verdict reached influenced by mob-domination by the Lafayette 
County Sheriffs Department whom filled one side of the courtroom. 
VI. Deprivation of Due Process Rights and violations of 14th Amendment (Equal Protections under 
the laws) without Corrective Process afforded; 
1. That requirement in safeguarding the liberty of the citizen against deprivation through the 
action of the state embodies the fundamental conceptions of justice, which lies at the base 
of our civil and political institutions (Mooney v. Holohan, 294 U.S. 103, 112 (1935) 
2. In the action of prosecuting officers on behalf of the state, those that set laws and enforce 
laws may constitute state action within the purview of the 14th amendment, that 
amendment governs any action of a state, whether through its legislature, through its 
courts, or through its executive or administrative officers. 
3. The principal in enunciated has required state officials to controvert allegations that 
knowingly false testimony had been used to convict and has upset convictions found to 
have been so procured, extending the principle.(Carter vs Texas, Rogers vs Alabama, 
Chicago, Burlington, & Quincy vs Chicago) 
4. 4. In each instance, time after time over the past 30 years, the Supreme Court has held that 
the 14th Amendment cannot tolerate a state criminal conviction obtained by the knowing 
use of false evidence (Mooney vs Holohan) It has further elaborated in subsequent rulings 
that there has been no deviation from that established principle and there can be no retreat 
from that principle here. (Navoo vs Illinois, Ohio vs Kansas, Alcorda vs Texas) 
5. If the defense specifically requested certain evidence, and the prosecutor withheld it, the 
conviction must be set aside if the suppressed evidence might have affected the outcome of 
the trial. (Brady v Maryland) 
6. If the defense did not make a request at all, or simply asked for all Brady material, or for 
anything exculpatory, a duty resides in the prosecution to reveal to the defense obvious 
exculpatory evidence. Furthermore, If the prosecutor did not reveal the relevant 
information, reversal of a conviction may be required if the undisclosed evidence creates a 
reasonable doubt as to the defendant's Guilt. (US vs Augers) 
7. A state is not free, to have no corrective process in which defendants may pursue 
remedies for federal constitutional violations. In Frank v. Mangum, the Court asserted 
that a conviction obtained in a mob-dominated trial was contrary to due process: if the 
State, supplying no corrective process, carries into execution a judgment of death or 
imprisonment based upon a verdict thus produced by mob domination, the State deprives 
the accused of his life or liberty without due process of law. 
8. The Supreme Court has stated numerous times that the absence of some form of 
corrective process when the convicted defendant alleges a federal constitutional violation 
contravenes the Fourteenth Amendment, and the Court has held that to burden this 
process, such as by limiting the right to petition for habeas corpus, is to deny the 
convicted defendant his constitutional rights. 
VII. Jurisdictional Challenge 
1. In light of the alleged deficiencies and errors which Defendant feels are manifest in nature 
and thus require the resulting conviction to be set aside pursuant to the many well 
established cases cited, Defendant would raise a jurisdictional challenge due to the stated 
federal constitutional rights violations and it would be Defendant's position and intention 
to move for removal of these matters to the proper Federal Forum (US District Court) 
should Defendant's motion go unanswered or denied 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Defendant would respectfully request that all findings of guilt be set aside and rendered void due to 
the aforementioned significant issues and grievances primarily regarding insufficient evidence/lack of 
evidence, violations of Defendant's Due Process Rights, and the introduction of knowingly perjured 
testimony without any corrective process by the Prosecutor. Defendant would respectfully ask that 
they be declared VOID and dismissed with prejudice due to fraud committed on the court, else 
Defendant asserts his intent to seek remedy and removal to the US District Court of Northern 
Mississippi due to Federal Questions arising, for the purposes of properly litigating the issues at hand, 
and for these matters to tried before a jury panel. In the interest of Judicial Economy, please take 
Judicial Notice of this Motion to serve as Defendant's Notice of Intent to Appeal the 
Judgement/Order. 
Respectfully Submitted this 3rd Day of December 2021 
Matthe 
Matthew Reardon 
Matt Reardon 
Defendant 
117 CR 401 Oxford, MS 38655 
matt@mattreardon.com 
662-550-9752