Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 1 of 19 PageID #: 320
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
WESTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA
LAFAYETTE DIVISION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA CASE NO. 6:25-CR-00227-01
VERSUS
MATTHEW REARDON (01) MAGISTRATE JUDGE LEBLANC
REASONS FOR JUDGMENT
The United States charged Defendant Matthew Reardon by Bill of Information with one
count of violating 41 C.F.R. § 102-74.390 (a)-(b), based on conduct that occurred on August 25,
2025, at the John M. Shaw United States Courthouse in Lafayette, Louisiana. The case was tried
to the court on December 15–16, 2025. At the conclusion of the Government’s case, Reardon
moved for a judgment of acquittal pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 29 based on a
lack of sufficient evidence presented at trial that (i) the events took place on federal property, and
(ii) that Reardon created an obstruction of the usual use of an entryway. The court reserved ruling
on Reardon’s Rule 29 motion. Reardon renewed the motion at the close of evidence. For the
reasons that follow the motion for acquittal, as renewed, [docs. 53 & 55] is DENIED, and
defendant is adjudged GUILTY.
FINDINGS OF FACT
Reardon paid three visits to the John M. Shaw United States courthouse (the “Courthouse”)
in Lafayette, Louisiana in the summer of 2025, to determine whether his constitutional rights
would be violated by interactions with personnel there. Reardon considers himself a First
Amendment “auditor,” a term known to himself and law enforcement witnesses. He conducts
1
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 2 of 19 PageID #: 321
independent investigative journalism work by visiting public buildings and documenting what
public employees do, how they conduct themselves and whether they violate his constitutional
rights. In doing so, he records his visits by camera to create an accurate record of events as he
experiences them. He shares these videos with his online audience, sometimes live streaming
interactions. 1 He made video recordings of each visit to the Courthouse.
A description of the physical layout of the front of the Courthouse is appropriate to
understand the events at issue. See generally Gov’t Ex. 14 (photograph of the front of the
Courthouse). The Courthouse faces Lafayette Street in downtown Lafayette, Louisiana.
Beginning at the street and moving toward the Courthouse, a public sidewalk runs adjacent to
Lafayette Street and extends from the curb of the street to a set of concrete bollards. A paved
concrete area the width of the Courthouse extends from the concrete bollards to the foot of the
steps that lead to the entrance area of the Courthouse. At the foot of the steps are metal barricades
that have been placed to prevent access to the Courthouse steps. At the top of the steps, there is
an uncovered landing area. The uncovered landing area is bounded on each side by raised
platforms with statues on them. The landing eventually reaches a colonnade supporting the
overhang of the second story of the Courthouse and transitions into a covered area between the
colonnade and the exterior entrance doors. This covered area is referred to as the porch or portico.
Instead of using the steps to access the Courthouse, visitors use ramps on either side of the portico.
Beyond the exterior entrance into the building is a foyer that leads to the interior entrance doors.
Once through the interior entrance doors, visitors are in the unsecured lobby of the Courthouse
with a set of turnstiles directly in front and a security screening station to the left. The turnstiles
1 Much of the information in this paragraph is derived from Reardon’s testimony given in his case-in-chief in this
matter and so was not evidence presented by the Government and available to the court at the time of the Rule 29
motion. It is recounted here for context but is not considered by the court as substantive evidence as to any of the
elements of the charged offense.
2
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 3 of 19 PageID #: 322
are for exiting only. Beyond the turnstiles is the secured lobby or atrium, which includes the
elevators and stairs to access other floors of the Courthouse as well as access points to other offices
that are located on the first floor. To gain access to the balance of the Courthouse, visitors must
proceed through the security screening station, which routes persons around the turnstiles and into
the atrium. The unsecured lobby and the atrium are one large space, physically divided only by
the turnstiles.
With respect to the entrances, the exterior entrance is comprised of five sets of glass double
doors and two sets of windows. Facing the front of the Courthouse, and from left to right the
exterior entrance is configured as follows: a set of doors that cannot be accessed from the outside
but are operated by a push bar from the inside for exiting; a set of windows; a set of doors that are
designated as an emergency exit (“EE-1 Door”); a set of doors that are designated as an emergency
exit (“EE-2 Door”); a set of doors designated as the main entrance and exit doors (the
“Entrance/Exit Door”); a set of windows; and a set of doors that cannot be accessed from the
outside by the public but are operated by a push bar from the inside for exiting. The EE-2 Door is
in the center of the exterior entrance area. The two emergency exits remain locked, but court
security personnel are readily available to unlock them should the need arise. All of these doors
open outwardly into the portico. The interior entrance is again a bank of glass doors and windows,
with the center doors remaining open to permit access into the lobby.
Reardon first visited the Courthouse on June 23, 2025.2 His purpose in visiting the
Courthouse was to determine if he, as a professed independent journalist, would be allowed to
conduct journalistic activities (i.e., video recording) in the unsecured portions of the building,
2 The discussion of Reardon’s first visit to the Courthouse is based upon his own video of the events of that day. Two
versions of this video were introduced into evidence, Government Exhibit 2 and Defendant’s Exhibit 3. Both exhibits
were introduced in the course of the testimony of Deputy United States Marshal in Charge John Farrish during the
Government’s case-in-chief.
3
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 4 of 19 PageID #: 323
consistent with his understanding of the Rules and Regulations Governing Conduct on Federal
Property, promulgated by the Secretary of Homeland Security in consultation with the
Administrator of General Services (the “GSA Conduct Rules”).3 Specifically, the provision
governing news-related photography (the “News Provision”) is found at 41 C.F.R. § 102-74.420:
What is the policy concerning photographs for news, advertising, or
commercial purposes?
Except where security regulations, rules, orders, or directives apply or a
Federal court order or rule prohibits it, persons entering in or on Federal
property may take photographs of—
(a) Space occupied by a tenant agency for non-commercial purposes only
with the permission of the occupying agency concerned;
(b) Space occupied by a tenant agency for commercial purposes only with
written permission of an authorized official of the occupying agency
concerned; and
(c) Building entrances, lobbies, foyers, corridors, or auditoriums for news
purposes.
41 C.F.R. § 102–74.420.
Reardon entered the Courthouse foyer through the Entrance/Exit Door and veered to his
left to enter the unsecured lobby through the open center interior door, video recording as he
proceeded. Positioned in the foyer between the Entrance/Exit Door and the open center interior
door is a stand-alone signpost containing a placard entitled “Rules and Regulations Governing
Conduct on Federal Property” which sets forth pertinent provisions of the GSA Conduct Rules (the
“GSA Conduct Rules Poster”). Defendant’s Ex. 3; Gov’t Ex. 16. The signpost is positioned such
that Reardon walked right past it to enter the Courthouse lobby. Defendant’s Ex. 3. This signpost
and the GSA Conduct Rules Poster on it were the focal point of his visit to the Courthouse that
3 The GSA Conduct Rules are adopted pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 1315(c), which confers authority on the Secretary of
Homeland Security to prescribe regulations with penalties limited to a fine and/or thirty days imprisonment
corresponding to a class C misdemeanor, per 18 U.S.C. § 3559(a)(8). The GSA is the “U.S. General Services
Administration, acting by or through the Administrator of General Services.” 41 C.F.R. § 102-71.10.
4
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 5 of 19 PageID #: 324
day. In addition to this signpost, additional signs are posted outside the Courthouse and at the
security station advising that electronic devices are prohibited inside the Courthouse.
Upon entering the lobby, Reardon was met by a Court Security Officer who advised him
that videoing in the Courthouse was not permitted. Readon advised the CSO that he was “stress
testing a right” by videoing in the unsecured area of the lobby and explained that he travels all
around the country doing this and has “been in enough courthouses to know” what his rights are.
The CSO retreated to the screening station and sought assistance from the United States Marshals
Service to address Reardon’s actions. While awaiting the arrival of Deputy United States Marshal
in Charge John Farrish, Reardon inquired of another CSO at the screening station: “Where are
your rules governing conduct on federal property?” The CSO pointed to the signpost in the foyer,
and Reardon walked out to it. Reardon then videoed the GSA Conduct Rules Poster to publish its
contents to his viewers. Doing so, he commented that “[i]t’s the same thing as Poster 7 at the Post
Office.” Continuing, he advised his viewers “[t]his is supposed to be posted at every federal
building,” and this is “nothing new.”
Reardon then returned to the lobby, and Deputy Marshal Farrish arrived and approached
him. When Deputy Marshal Farrish asked Reardon for his name, Reardon identified himself as
Don Matthews, a pseudonym he has used. In his interaction with Deputy Marshal Farrish, Reardon
reiterated that by videoing in the unsecured lobby area he was conducting “a stress test of a
constitutional right” and that he travels around the country doing so. He escorted Deputy Marshal
Farrish to the foyer and pointed out the GSA Conduct Rules Poster, and specifically the News
Provision set forth on that poster. Eventually Deputy Marshal Farrish stepped away to further
assess this situation. Continuing with his efforts, Reardon returned to the GSA Conduct Rules
Poster and, while videoing the poster again and the News Provision specifically, proclaimed:
5
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 6 of 19 PageID #: 325
“Could it be any clearer than this? Rules and Regulations Governing Conduct on Federal
Property.” Minutes later, Reardon once again returned to the GSA Conduct Rules Poster and,
while videoing it, stated: “This sign right here, before you even walk into the federal courthouse.
It is the same exact thing as Poster 7 in the Post Office. Every federal building has to have it.”
From these events, two things may be concluded: (1) the GSA Conduct Rules Poster was
conspicuously posted at the Courthouse and Reardon had full knowledge of its existence and
placement, and (2) Reardon was fully on notice as to the existence and import of the GSA Conduct
Rules, whether or not he ever chose to acquaint himself with any provision other than the News
Provision.
Reardon’s efforts on this day lasted for just more than an hour. This prolonged interaction
involved Court Security Officers, the United States Marshals Service, and city police. Throughout,
Reardon continually insisted on his right as a journalist to film in the Courthouse lobby. Deputy
Marshal Farrish eventually ordered the Courthouse closed approximately 15 minutes early and
escorted Reardon from the building.
Reardon returned to the courthouse on June 26, 2025, to file a complaint about Deputy
Marshal Farrish, and he again filmed the interaction. See generally Gov’t Ex. 3. Deputy Marshal
Farrish greeted Reardon in the lobby. Reardon advised Deputy Marshal Farrish that his complaint
was “that honestly you [Deputy Marshal Farrish] didn’t know your rules and regulations governing
conduct on federal property.” Deputy Marshal Farrish asked Reardon to accompany him into the
foyer to review the GSA Conduct Rules Poster, as there seemed to be a difference of opinion as to
their application, and Reardon refused shouting, “I showed you the rules.”
Deputy Marshal Farrish informed Reardon that they do not take complaints at the
Courthouse, but that he could contact the Department of Justice to make a complaint. Deputy
6
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 7 of 19 PageID #: 326
Marshal Farrish made a point of addressing Reardon by his real name, not the pseudonym he had
provided in their first interaction, leading Reardon to believe that the United States Marshals
Service (“USMS”) may have begun investigating him after his first visit to the Courthouse.
Reardon returned to the Lafayette courthouse on August 25, 2025, determined to exercise
his rights under the First Amendment to the United States Constitution and to express his “extreme
discontent” with the USMS. By way of a Freedom of Information Act Request, Reardon had
learned the USMS had been in contact with other law enforcement agencies about him and had
placed a “be on the lookout” or BOLO on him, which actions impassioned him that day. As before,
Reardon had cameras in hand and videoed the events of the day. See generally Gov’t Ex. 12.
Reardon arrived at the Courthouse on August 25, 2025, with a camera on a tripod and two
smartphones. He arranged these devices in the area of the sidewalk in front of the Courthouse to
capture his protest efforts. In addition to this equipment, Reardon had multiple posters,
handwritten on foam posterboard, criticizing the USMS and employing expletives to do so.
Reardon then meandered for a period of time between the sidewalk and the paved concrete area
on the courthouse-side of the bollards exhibiting his posters to passers-by.
After protesting near the street for a period, Reardon observed one of the Deputy Marshals
make a gesture from inside the Courthouse that Reardon interpreted as an invitation to enter the
Courthouse. He gathered his belongings and made his way to one of the ramps leading to the
portico, all the while explaining to his audience that he had been invited into the Courthouse. Upon
arriving on the portico, Reardon set his tripod and camera between two of the columns of the
colonnade facing the EE-1 Door. He attempted to enter the Courthouse through the EE-2 Door
then the EE-1 Door, finding both to be locked. He then made his way to the Entrance/Exit Door
with posters under his arm and a video-recording device operating.
7
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 8 of 19 PageID #: 327
As Reardon came through the Entrance/Exit Door and was approaching the open center
door of the interior entrance, he was met by Deputy United States Marshal Hayden Nugent, who
had been present for Reardon’s two previous visits. Deputy Nugent informed Reardon that he had
not been invited inside the Courthouse and that he would be arrested if he attempted to film inside
the Courthouse. Reardon, believing he had been duped into entering the Courthouse, began loudly
protesting Deputy Marshal Nugent in expletive-laden language as he exited the building. Instead
of returning to the sidewalk, however, Reardon resumed his protest under the portico, noting to his
audience, “now they just asked for it” and “there’s a big part of me that wants to go back in and
take the arrest.” He continued: “They want it. They want it.”
After exiting the Courthouse, Reardon began to “hang some signs,” lamenting that he
should have brought tape. Several times, he displayed a 20- by 30-inch posterboard to those inside
by holding the posterboard against or directly in front of the EE-1 Door, the EE-2 Door and the
Entrance/Exit Door, obstructing the view through those doors when he did so. While holding a
posterboard up to one of the emergency exit doors, he greeted a visitor to the courthouse by calling
out “Happy F*** the U.S. Marshals Day!” (using the expletive). Shortly thereafter, he stationed
himself with the posterboard in front of the Entrance/Exit Door for approximately 20 seconds, at
one point propping the poster on the pair of door handles for that set of doors, blocking its use
entirely.
Reardon then moved the tripod and camera from where he had left it between columns and
positioned it directly in front of the EE-2 Door with at least one of the feet of the tripod touching
the door and the mounted camera “recording right against the glass.” He then made his way down
the portico to the right of the EE-2 Door, past two more sets of doors and a set of windows,
eventually taking his place on the statue platform at that end of the landing area. At this point, he
8
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 9 of 19 PageID #: 328
was quite a distance away from the tripod and camera, and his protest and videoing activities
directed his attention away from the area of the EE-2 Door where that equipment was left.
Reardon had been conducting his protest activities from the statue platform for about 20
minutes when Deputy Marshal Nugent and another Deputy United States Marshal exited the
building and approached him. Deputy Marshal Nugent directed Reardon to remove the camera
blocking the emergency exit door, advising it presented a hazard and warning that it would be
seized otherwise. Reardon refused to move the camera, telling Deputy Marshal Nugent “you need
to suck my d**k!” In response, Deputy Marshal Nugent advised Reardon he was seizing the
camera and tripod and then turned and started to walk toward the equipment. At this point, being
a good distance away from the equipment, Reardon quickly moved toward it, yelling a warning at
Deputy Marshal Nugent not to touch it. Upon both arriving at the tripod and camera, Deputy
Marshal Nugent directed Reardon to move the camera to the far side of the metal barricades on
the sidewalk below, and Reardon protested that “I’m fine right here.” Deputy Marshal Nugent
stated that he would be arrested if he did not comply and gave a three second countdown before
arresting Reardon and taking him into custody when he refused to do as instructed.
As a consequence of the events on August 25, 2025, Reardon was charged with violating
the GSA Conduct Rules, specifically 41 C.F.R. § 102–74.390. It reads:
What is the policy concerning disturbances?
All persons entering in or on Federal property are prohibited from loitering,
exhibiting disorderly conduct, or exhibiting other conduct on property that—
(a) Creates loud or unusual noise or a nuisance;
(b) Unreasonably obstructs the usual use of entrances, foyers, lobbies,
corridors, offices, elevators, stairways, or parking lots;
(c) Otherwise impedes or disrupts the performance of official duties by
Government employees; or
(d) Prevents the general public from obtaining the administrative services
provided on the property in a timely manner.
9
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 10 of 19 PageID #: 329
41 C.F.R. § 102–74.390 (the “Disturbance Provision”). Reardon was charged with violating the
first two subsections, which prohibit visitors from creating loud or unusual noise or a nuisance and
from unreasonably obstructing the usual use of entrances, foyers, lobbies, corridors, offices,
elevators, stairways, or parking lots. The Government proceeded on only the subsection (b)
charge, concerning the obstruction of entrances.
ANALYSIS
To establish a violation of subsection (b) of the Disturbance Provision, the Government
must prove that (1) the incident occurred on federal property; (2) the defendant exhibited conduct
that unreasonably obstructed the usual use of entrances, foyers, lobbies, corridors, offices,
elevators, stairways, or parking lots; and (3) the defendant acted with the appropriate mens rea, or
knowledge that the action was unlawful. United States v. Cruscial, No. 3:18-CR-00465-JR, 2019
WL 1087150, at *6 (D. Or. Mar. 7, 2019); United States v. Radin, No. 16-CR-528 (RJS), 2018 WL
1384514, at *4 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 18, 2018), aff'd, 821 F. App'x 53 (2d Cir. 2020). Additionally,
because federal agencies are charged with observance of the GSA Conduct Rules, 41 C.F.R. § 102-
74.365, and because those rules “shall be posted and remain posted in a conspicuous place on the
property,” 40 U.S.C. § 1315(c), the Government must also establish that the defendant was on
notice that his conduct was prohibited, either because the GSA Conduct Rules were posted in a
place “reasonably calculated to impart” their prohibitions, or because defendant had actual
knowledge of the prohibition by verbal warning or the like. See United States v. Strakoff, 719 F.2d
1307, 1310 (5th Cir. 1983); United States v. Bichsel, 395 F.3d 1053, 1056 (9th Cir. 2005).
In his motion for judgment of acquittal, Reardon argued that the government presented
insufficient evidence that the events took place on federal property, as well as insufficient evidence
that Reardon created an obstruction of the usual use of an entryway. Under Rule 29 of the Federal
10
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 11 of 19 PageID #: 330
Rules of Criminal Procedure, when a defendant moves for acquittal at the close of the
government’s case and the court reserves judgment, as was done here, the court “must decide the
motion on the basis of the evidence at the time the ruling was reserved.” Fed. R. Crim. P. 29(b).
1. The incident occurred on federal property.
Although the GSA Conduct Rules do not define “federal property,” the rules “apply to all
property under the authority of the General Services Administration (GSA) and to all persons
entering in or on such property.” 41 C.F.R. § 102-74.365; United States v. Radin, 821 F. App’x 53,
54 (2d Cir. 2020); see also 20 U.S.C. § 107e. (“‘Federal property’ means any building, land, or
other real property owned, leased, or occupied by any department, agency, or instrumentality of
the United States . . .”). The GSA Conduct Rules were promulgated pursuant to 40 U.S.C. § 1315,
which empowers the Secretary of Homeland Security to “protect the buildings, grounds, and
property that are owned, occupied, or secured by the Federal Government (including any agency,
instrumentality, or wholly owned or mixed-ownership corporation thereof).” 40 U.S.C. § 1315.
Evidence that the Courthouse is owned, leased, or occupied by United States governmental
agencies and under the authority of the GSA is therefore relevant to the inquiry as to whether the
incident took place on federal property. Radin, 2018 WL 1384514, at *4.
During the Government’s case in chief, Deputy Marshal Farrish testified to his
understanding that the Courthouse is under the authority of the GSA, and that in addition to
housing the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana, the building’s
tenants include the GSA, the United States Probation Office, the United States Bankruptcy Court,
and the United States Marshals Service. He further testified that GSA regulations govern what
individuals can and cannot do in the Courthouse, and the court reviewed video evidence taken
11
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 12 of 19 PageID #: 331
from Reardon’s first visit to the Courthouse, showing that the GSA Conduct Rules were posted in
the foyer of the Courthouse on a stand just inside the designated entrance.
This evidence is sufficient to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the incident took place
on federal property, within the meaning of the GSA Conduct Rules. An individual charged with
court security is competent to attest that federal business is conducted on the property. See Moore
v. United States, 254 F. App'x 603, 604 (9th Cir. 2007). Deputy Marshal Farrish testified that the
Courthouse is under the authority of the GSA and that multiple federal agencies are tenants in the
building. Moreover, the undisputed fact that the GSA Conduct Rules were posted in the foyer is
itself evidence that the building is under GSA authority, id., as those rules must be posted “in a
conspicuous place” on “property owned or occupied by the Federal Government.” 40 U.S.C. §
1315(c)(1). Accordingly, the first element is satisfied.
2. The defendant exhibited conduct prohibited by the Disturbance Provision.
Evidence introduced at trial proves beyond a reasonable doubt that defendant Reardon
exhibited conduct that unreasonably obstructed the usual use of the entrance to the Courthouse,
satisfying the second element of the offense.
In the Lafayette Courthouse, the entrance is made up of a bank of glass double doors that
separate the exterior columned portico from the interior foyer to the building. Only one of these
double doors, the Entrance/Exit Door, is customarily left unlocked during business hours for the
arrival of visitors. The other doors are designated either as exits, which can be pushed from the
inside, or as emergency exits, which are customarily left locked but can be unlocked quickly by
security personnel if needed. An emergency is by definition a sudden and unforeseen occurrence
that requires immediate action. As such, an emergency exit, to serve its function, cannot be
impeded at any time.
12
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 13 of 19 PageID #: 332
As may be seen from the photographic evidence in this case, the entrance to the Courthouse
is not merely a door or set of doors, it is a transitional space that physically, architecturally, and
symbolically separates the interior of the Courthouse from the everyday activity going on outside.
Deputy Marshals Farrish and Nugent testified that the entrance area is arranged to allow security
personnel maximum opportunity to observe visitors as they approach, so there is a security-related
purpose to the way the entrance has been arranged, including which doors are open to visitors, and
the placement of the security station to maintain a line of sight to the Entrance/Exit Door and to
the outside through the various glass doors and windows. Emergency exits are part of this security
system, insofar as they could be used to allow swift and safe evacuation of the building in an
emergency. The court also takes judicial notice that the entrances to courthouses are generally
designed to signal to visitors that they are entering a special, serious, and frequently silent place,
devoted to the administration of justice. See Hodge v. Talkin, 799 F.3d 1145, 1150 (D.C. Cir. 2015)
(quoting Justice Breyer’s Statement Concerning the Supreme Court's Front Entrance and
describing the U.S. Supreme Court Plaza as “the opening stage of ‘a carefully choreographed,
climbing path that ultimately ends at the courtroom itself.’”). The court therefore reads “obstructs
the usual use of entrances” to also encompass conduct that impedes, impairs, and obstructs the use
of the Courthouse entrance in this broader sense: as an entrance system that has security, safety,
and symbolic functions, as well as the purely practical function of allowing visitors to come and
go.
Photos and videos introduced into evidence show that Reardon placed a camera on a tripod
directly in front of one of the emergency exit doors, one of its legs touching the door and the
camera recording “against the glass,” obstructing the door’s potential use as an emergency exit.
He then left the tripod unattended for about 20 minutes while he moved to the far end of the landing
13
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 14 of 19 PageID #: 333
onto a statue platform with his attention directed to other pursuits and away from the equipment.
Reardon was only prompted to return to the tripod and camera because law enforcement confronted
him and advised it would be seized if not moved. He also stood directly in front of other doors,
including the designated entrance door, holding a posterboard against the glass, thereby obstructing
the view from inside the building and physically blocking the doors. At one point, he propped one
such posterboard on the handles of the Entrance/Exit Door where the double doors meet,
simultaneously impeding both doors.
Reardon’s actions obstructed the usual use of the Courthouse entrance in three ways. He
obstructed the use of these doors as doors by placing himself and his camera equipment in front of
the doors for a prolonged period with no apparent purpose other than to provoke a response from
security personnel. He also obstructed the use of the doors as a means for security personnel to
observe the building’s exterior through the glass by partially covering the glass doors with
posterboard. And he interfered with and disrupted the usual use of the Courthouse’s entrance as a
dignified transitional space that befits the importance of business conducted within.
3. The defendant had the appropriate state of mind to be found culpable.
The Disturbance Provision “is silent as to the mens rea required to commit the offense;” in
other words, the regulation does not describe the culpable state of mind required for an offense to
have occurred. United States v. Wasylyshyn, 979 F.3d 165, 174 (2d Cir. 2020). Nonetheless, “[t]he
existence of a mens rea is the rule of, rather than the exception to, the principles of Anglo–
American criminal jurisprudence[,]” and courts generally impute a mens rea requirement into such
silent statutes, consistent with legislative intent and common law. Staples v. United States, 511
U.S. 600, 605 (1994) (internal quotation marks omitted, alteration added). “When interpreting
federal criminal statutes that are silent on the required mental state,” courts “read into the statute
14
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 15 of 19 PageID #: 334
‘only that mens rea which is necessary to separate wrongful conduct from otherwise innocent
conduct.’” Elonis v. United States, 575 U.S. 723, 736 (2015) (quoting Carter v. United States, 530
U.S. 255, 269 (2000)) (internal quotation marks omitted).
Courts considering actions prohibited by the GSA Conduct Rules have concluded that, to
have the requisite mens rea, a defendant must generally know the facts that make his conduct fit
the definition of the offense, even if he does not know that the facts constitute a crime. United
States v. Zagorovskaya, 628 F. App'x 503, 504 (9th Cir. 2015); Cruscial, 2019 WL 1087150, at *4
n. 5; United States v. Brice, 926 F.2d 925, 930 (9th Cir. 1991) (“The purpose of ensuring the normal
functioning of federal facilities is best served by construing [predecessor regulation] as a general
intent crime.”) To convict Reardon of violating the Disturbance Provision, the Government must
prove that he had knowledge he was unreasonably obstructing the usual use of entrances, not that
Reardon knew of a specific regulation proscribing his conduct. Wasylyshyn, 979 F.3d at 174.
Several factors demonstrate that Reardon possessed the requisite state of mind to have
knowingly violated the Disturbance Provision. After the brief exchange in which Deputy Marshal
Nugent advised Reardon he would be arrested if he attempted to film inside the Courthouse, instead
of returning to the sidewalk, he chose to remain near the Courthouse entrance. At that point, he
chose to move his tripod from the area in the portico where he had initially placed it that was
several feet away from the doors. He repositioned the tripod and camera closer to the center of
the bank of doors, placing a foot of the tripod against of one of the emergency exit doors, and
setting the camera “against the glass” to record—or at least appear to record—the interior of the
Courthouse that he had repeatedly been warned was off-limits to filming. As he videoed the entire
episode, he spoke to his audience multiple times of standing his ground and “taking the arrest,”
suggesting actions that were purposeful rather than unintentional. When finally confronted by law
15
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 16 of 19 PageID #: 335
enforcement and directed to move his tripod and camera because it was a hazard, Reardon initially
refused and berated the officer. Taken together, this conduct establishes beyond a reasonable doubt
deliberate and intentional behavior consistent with a general intent to perform the actions that
constituted a violation of the Disturbance Provision. The third element is satisfied.
4. The defendant was on notice that GSA Conduct Rules prohibited his conduct.
Courts applying the Disturbance Provision at 41 C.F.R. § 102-74.390 have interpreted it to
require that a defendant be placed on notice that his conduct is illegal before being arrested. The
notice rule arises from the statutory requirement that the GSA Conduct Rules “shall be posted and
remain posted in a conspicuous place on the property” under the GSA’s authority. 40 U.S.C. §
1315(c). See Strakoff, 719 F.2d at 1310. As one court aptly summarized the application of this
notice requirement:
Appellant’s conduct was loud, disruptive, offensive, and inappropriate to a federal
courthouse. Members of the public, court users, and court staff all have a right to
be free from such conduct. If the Government had publicly posted a copy of 41
C.F.R. § 102–74.390 as required by regulation, CSO Wilson would have had the
authority to arrest Appellant. Similarly, had Appellant continued his conduct after
being told that it would lead to his arrest, that too would have given CSO Wilson
the authority to arrest him. But in the absence of evidence that the Government
complied with its notice obligations, Appellant’s conviction must be reversed.
United States v. Marotz, 75 F. Supp. 3d 1167, 1172–73 (N.D. Cal. 2014).
Thus, to enforce the GSA Conduct Rules via criminal penalty, the Government must
establish that defendant was on notice that his conduct was prohibited, either because the GSA
Conduct Rules were posted in a place “reasonably calculated to impart” their prohibitions, or
because defendant had actual knowledge of the relevant prohibition. See Strakoff, 719 F.2d at
1310 (absent a showing that defendant had actual notice as to regulation prohibiting possession of
firearm on federal property, his conviction could not stand if the regulation was not posted in a
“conspicuous place”); United States v. Cebreros, 778 F. App'x 547, 548 (9th Cir. 2019) (if posting
16
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 17 of 19 PageID #: 336
the GSA Conduct Rules is a required element of offense, that element is satisfied by actual notice
that conduct is illegal); United States v. Strong, 724 F. 3d 51 (1st Cir. 2013) (conspicuous posting
of GSA Conduct Rules satisfied notice requirement, despite lack of verbal warning, where
defendant admitted awareness that spreading feces around a public bathroom is wrong); Bichsel,
395 F.3d at 1056 (defendant was on sufficient notice that conduct was prohibited, even though
GSA Conduct Rules were not posted where he could see them, because he received repeated verbal
warnings that he would be arrested he did not cease); Marotz, 75 F. Supp. 3d at 1172 (requiring
either conspicuous posting of GSA Conduct Rules or actual notice as described in Bichsel).
In this case, there is no dispute that the GSA Conduct Rules were conspicuously posted in
the foyer of the courthouse, just inside the main entrance door. Like the News Provision Reardon
so adamantly championed, the Disturbance Provision also appears on the GSA Conduct Rules
poster.4 It is undisputed that Reardon was aware that the GSA Conduct Rules were conspicuously
posted at the Courthouse, as he both filmed them and drew security and police officers’ attention
to them multiple times during his first visit to the Courthouse. The notice requirement is therefore
satisfied.
CONCLUSION
The court returns to Defendant’s Motion for Judgment of Acquittal, which was made at the
close of the Government’s case and renewed at the close of evidence. In ruling on this motion, a
district court must determine whether the relevant evidence, viewed in a light most favorable to
the Government, could be accepted by a jury as adequate and sufficient to support the conclusion
4 A copy of the GSA Conduct Rules Poster was introduced into evidence as Government’s exhibit 16. It contains four
columns of text, with the News Provision at the bottom of the third column and the Disturbance Provision at the top
of the second column. The section heading of the Disturbance Provision on the poster is slightly different from the
heading appearing in the Code of Federal Regulations. On the poster, the heading reads “Disturbances (41 CFR 102-
74.390).” The text of the Disturbance Provision is otherwise identical to the regulation quoted previously herein, with
slight differences in punctuation.
17
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 18 of 19 PageID #: 337
of the defendant’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. United States v. Varkonyi, 611 F.2d 84, 85 (5th
Cir. 1980). The court finds that the evidence presented at the time the ruling was reserved was not
“insufficient to sustain a conviction.” Fed. R. Crim. P. 29 (a). To the contrary, the Government
satisfied its obligations in the case in chief, in large part because the video recordings of Reardon’s
visits to the Courthouse provided evidence as to Reardon’s obstruction of the exits, state of mind,
and the notice requirement. Additionally, as stated above, the Government’s first witness, Deputy
Marshal Farrish, was competent to testify that the Courthouse was federal property, within the
meaning of the GSA Conduct Rules, on the date of the offense. Accordingly, the Motion for
Judgment of Acquittal is DENIED.
Reardon chose to testify in his defense. His testimony, however, does not dissuade the
court from its findings in this case. To the contrary, Reardon’s testimony confirmed that he was
aware of the existence of the GSA Conduct Rules and had observed the GSA Conduct Rules Poster
at the Courthouse on his first visit. He acknowledged that he could not block exits and entrances
to the Courthouse and admitted to placing his camera and tripod, signs and his body against
multiple doors on August 25, 2025. Reardon believed that obstructing a locked door or one that
no member of the public was attempting to use at the time of his actions was not “obstruct[ing] the
usual use.” As previously explained, the doors at issue serve a multitude of purposes in the setting
of this Courthouse, such that Reardon’s narrow view that “usual use” means only actual use when
a person is entering or exiting is simply untenable. He also admitted that, in conducting his
“investigative journalism” and acting as a “First Amendment Auditor” his goal is to gain
“standing” to challenge conduct he believes is violative of his constitutional rights, which
“standing” he stated could only be gained by being arrested or receiving a threat of arrest. Reardon
testified court personnel “miserably failed the First Amendment test” on his first visit such that
18
Case 6:25-cr-00227-TPL Document 62 Filed 01/16/26 Page 19 of 19 PageID #: 338
there “has to be a follow up.” Thus, as his testimony and the video evidence demonstrates, Reardon
believed his rights had been violated on his first visit to the Courthouse, and so his return visits
were motivated, at least in part, to earn him “standing”—i.e., he was intent on provoking his arrest
or the threat of it.
Based on the foregoing, the court concludes the Government has proven beyond a
reasonable doubt all the essential elements to establish Reardon’s violation of the Disturbance
Provision, and so Reardon is adjudged GUILTY.
SO ORDERED at Lake Charles, Louisiana, this 16th day of January, 2026.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
TTHHOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAASSS PP.. LLEEBBLLAANNCC
UNITEEDD SSTTAAAAATTTTTTEEEEEESSSSS MMAAGGIISSTTRRAATTEE JJUUDDGE
19