IN THE THIRD CIRCUIT COURT FOR LAFAYETTE COUNTY MISSISSIPPI
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
Vs Cause No. LK17-295 ;:; ..;2 3 ,�,
MATT REARDON
___________________________________________________________________________
Motion for Relief from Judgment or Order
_________________________________________________________________________________
Comes now before the court Matthew Reardon, the Movant, and now respectfully moves this court
under this cause number grant Movant’s Motion for Relief from judgement or order pursuant to Rule 60
(b) (4) of The Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure. Movant acknowledges that he has an open appeal in
the MS Court of Appeals which addresses the Post-Conviction Relief filed in this court on July 7, 2020.
However, the original criminal cause was not properly addressed in matters Movant now feels were the best
of ways. Pursuant to the Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure, the true governing doctrine on Movant’s
Post Conviction Relief, the Judgement on which he filed his post-conviction relief upon should have been
rendered null, void, and invalid, which in turn has burdened the Movant on perfecting his appeal of the
denied post-conviction relief. Movant has long alleged this complaint was FRAUDULENT, without
justification, merit, and evidence since day one and Movant properly raises the constitutionality of
Movant’s plea in a situation where Movant was denied basic due process rights/constitutional rights over
the entire 6-weeks leading up to his plea entered in criminal cause LK17-295. Movant is now asking for
this court to promptly do so and declare it so based on the cited, well settled law brought forth in this
motion on principal, else Movant hereby invokes his rights under the Williams-Jennings Reservation and
places the State of Mississippi and all liable parties of the violations of not only the State of Mississippi’s
own statutes, rules and laws, but significant violations of Federal Law through a multitude of Federal
Constitutional Civil Rights violations as well, which Movant will detail out in this motion. Movant states
his motion will show that the State of Mississippi has had an obligation and has known of its obligation to
ensure the accused are afforded Due Process in order to safeguard the constitutional rights of it’s citizens
and to preserve equality and integrity. The State of Mississippi is aware of the consequences derived from
depriving a citizen of his/her due process rights, including the requirement in and that in the event it is made
aware of constitutional/due process right violations that it is mandated, and further has an absolute
obligation to provide corrective process pursuant to not only its own stated guidelines, rules, and laws but
well-established Federal Case Law as well.
MOVANT HEREBY MAKES HIS ARGUMENT AND OFFERS IN SUPPORT OF HIS MOTION:
I. A party may move to set aside a void judgment pursuant to MRCP Rule 60(b)(4) more than six
months after the entry of a judgment if the delay in moving for relief was reasonable.
See Ladner v. Logan, 857 So. 2d 764, 770 (Miss. 2003)
II. A judgment is void if the trial court lacked jurisdiction over the subject matter or the parties or acted
in a manner inconsistent with due process of law. See Bryant, Inc. v. Walters, 493 So. 2d 933, 938
(Miss. 1986).
III. The trial court has discretion to grant or deny a Rule 60(b) motion, unless the judgment is void, in
which case the court is required to set aside the judgment. See Sartain v. White, 588 So. 2d 204, 211
(Miss. 1991). The key word in this being the court is REQUIRED TO SET ASIDE A VOID
JUDGEMENT.
IV. On Friday May 26, 2017 approximately between the hours of 3pm-4pm Reardon was taken into
custody in Oxford, MS City Square by Lafayette County Sheriffs Department and charged with
Aggravated Stalking. A warrant had allegedly been issued to make the arrest, although Reardon was
never show a warrant at the time of arrest nor was he ever informed of his charge until he was booked
at the Lafayette County. The Criminal information in this matter states the appellant: Did feloniously
commit the crime of stalking as defined in section 97-3-107 (1) and did so while displaying a deadly
weapon, to wit: an AR15 rifle with, the intent to place Todd and or Ashley Lynch, in reasonable fear
of great bodily injury, a violation of section 97-3-107(2) of the Mississippi Code of 1972, as amended,
WHICH OFFENSE IS PUNISHABLE BY NOT MORE THAN 5 YEARS IMPRISONMENT
AND A $3,000 FINE OR BOTH.
V. Appellant did not receive an Initial Hearing in which Appearance Bond was Issued until
Tuesday May 30th, 2017 between the estimated hours of 9am-10am. At this point, Reardon
was escorted across from the backside of the Lafayette County Detention Center to the
Lafayette County Justice Court for an Initial Hearing before Judge Carolyn Pettis-Bell. From
the very beginning, this amounted to False Imprisonment and over-detention in that pursuant
to Mississippi Law and Federal Law Governing the Due Process Rights of The Accused,
Lafayette County and The State of Mississippi had A MAXIMUM OF 48-HOURS TIME to
set an Initial Hearing and bring the accused before a Judge in order for Bond to be set. This
is no new law or requirement, and it was an obligation that Lafayette County Sheriff's
Department had known upfront of its duties to comply with.
VI. Miss Rules of Criminal Procedure Rule 5.1(b)(3) details out that if a person is taken into custody, the
person shall be taken without unnecessary delay, AND IN NO EVENT later than forty-eight (48)
hours after arrest, before a judge who shall proceed with an initial appearance. If the person arrested
is not taken before a judge within forty-eight (48) hours, THE PERSON DETAINED SHALL BE
RELEASED ON EXECUTION OF AN APPEARANCE BOND IN THE MINIMUM AMOUNT
SET PURSUANT TO RULE 8 AND DIRECTED TO APPEAR AT A SPECIFIED TIME AND
PLACE. Rule 5.1(b)(3) conforms to the United States Supreme Court’s holdings in Gerstein v. Pugh,
420 U.S. 103, 95 S. Ct. 854, 43 L. Ed. 2d 54 (1975), and County of Riverside v. McLaughlin, 500
U.S. 44, 111 S. Ct. 1661, 114 L. Ed. 2d 49 (1991).
VII. According to the range chart on Miss Rules of Criminal Procedure Rule 8.2, which was
updated earlier that same year (2017), a bond for an alleged crime that could receive UP
TO 10-YEARS INCARCERATION should be set in the range of $5,000- $50,000. Appellant
reinforces that he was not charged with any capital crime or offense which is a non-bailable
offense and that in fact the crime he was accused of receives a maximum of 5-YEARS
INCARCERATION. As Such, THE MINIMUM BOND AMOUNT PURSUANT TO RULE 8
THAT THE MOVANT “SHALL” HAVE BEEN RELEASED ON WOULD HAVE BEEN $5,000!
VIII. When factoring in two separate considerations regarding the bond amount set AND the violation for
taking nearly TWICE the amount of time to bring movant before the court for his initial appearance
constitutes a DIRECT violation of Appellant's 8th Amendment Federal Constitutional Rights along
with Art. 3, § 29 of the Mississippi Constitution which explicitly prohibits the setting of Excessive
bail and/or setting bail/bond in a punitive way
IX. APPELLANT WAS NEVER ADVISED OF HIS RIGHT TO A PRELIMINARY HEARING
ALONG WITH ONE NEVER BEING SET WITHIN 14 DAYS AS REQUIRED IN FELONY
PROCEEDINGS. This is not a discretionary rule as Miss. R. Crim. P. 6.1 states: ''If a preliminary
hearing has not been commenced within fourteen (14) days as required under subsection (a) and
unless such hearing has been postponed as provided in subsection (d), the defendant shall be released
on recognizance." Subsection (D) did not apply. AS SUCH THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI WAS
OBLIGATED TO RELEASE MOVANT ON HIS OWN RECOGNIZANCE BY THE 15TH
DAY; THIS DID NOT HAPPEN
X. Considering the aforementioned, Unless the State of Mississippi can somehow demonstrate how the
accused crime is considered non-bailable particularly when Movant attempted to offer up exculpatory
evidence of his undeniable innocence at the initial appearance before, Judge Bell, THE
REMAINING 4-WEEKS MOVANT STAYED INCARCERATED AMOUNT TO FALSE
IMPRISONMENT AND OVER-DETENTION, along with a plethora of additional due
process/constitutional rights violations simultaneously and concurrently aggrieved by the movant.
XI. Currently there sits an appeal sits before the Mississippi Court of Appeals based upon a denial
by this court on Movant’s Petition for Post-Conviction Relief he filed on July 7, 2020 and
referenced to under cause L20-316. (Petition, Exhibits, & Denial Attached as EXHIBIT A).
XII. The first denial by this court on L20-316 came July 30, 2020 to which Movant refiled a timely
“Motion for Re-Hearing under MRCP Rule 59 Before the Honorable Judge Kent Smith”
due to his post-conviction relief originally being assigned to the newly appointed Circuit Court
Judge Kent Smith. The trial court summarily denied this Motion for Re-Hearing under MRCP
Rule 59 which was filed based upon newly discovered evidence and a plethora of violations
aggrieved by Movant due to the highly immoral and unconstitutional acts committed on behalf
of the State (Motion and Denial Attached as EXHIBIT B).
XIII. Up until August 12, 2020 the assigned Judge was newly appointed Circuit Judge Kent Smith, yet
for reasons unbeknownst to Movant, Judge John Kelly Luther continued ruling on and further
denying each of Movant’s motions and petitions.
XIV. Movant would raise facts to Circuit Court Judge John Kelly Luther having had upfront
knowledge of fraudulent acts and organized crime committed on behalf of Officials in Lafayette
County and on behalf of the State of Mississippi which Movant claimed in multiple instances
rose to the level of Organized Crime and significant intentional violations of the RICO Act.
XV. Movant states that AFTER he filed his motion for Recusal on August 12, 2020 regarding rulings
by Judge John Kelly Luther, the assignment of Judge on this cause was FRAUDULENTLY
changed in Delta Computer Systems to reflect assignment of Judge John Kelly Luther. Prior to
that it had still reflected Judge Kent Smith in the official record. Movant states that this is far
from a Clerical Error due to all of the assertion’s Movant had made and provided evidence to
regarding conflict of interest and further warranting recusal due to Judge John Kelly Luther
having upfront knowledge of crimes that were committed and continued to be committed.
XVI. A State that possesses knowledge of fraudulent deception and perversion of its own legal system
and process allowing for such incurable defects to compound and accumulate at the expense of
a private citizen’s life, liberty, and happiness sends permanent disrepute into the State Judiciary.
XVII. Movant sent a detailed email to Judge Luther’s Court Administrator, Kathy Sturdivant on June
1st, 2020. Ms Sturdivant replied the following day (June 2 2020) stating that Judge Luther had
reviewed the emails Movant had sent and asked her to respond that “if Movant wished to
challenge a plea of guilty, the rules needed to be followed as outlined in the Mississippi Code
for Post-Conviction Relief.” Movant re-introduces the emails as EXHIBIT C
/
XVIII. Movant had no other option but to file for post-conviction relief pro-se on July 7th 2020 as no
attorney was willing to assist with representation and Movant could not afford an attorney due
to the serious injuries incurred due to this very cause in 2017.
XIX. In the original criminal cause LK17-295, significant error and constitutional rights violations occurred
on multiple occurrences and in uncorrectable, unjustifiable areas which in turn amounted to manifest
error being committed in LK17-295 which Movant has continued to assert. The State of Mississippi has
a mandated obligation to provide corrective process free from delay when It has been made aware of
constitutional violations aggrieved. The three previous denials in L20-316 constitute three additional
direct violations of Movant’s constitutional rights which guarantee equal protections under the laws of
both the state and The United States. Movant would notice the State of Mississippi and Lafayette County
of these three incurred violations/counts in a notice of intent to litigate the matter in particular. In turn
these issues should be granted immediate relief from what should be considered an involuntary/voided
plea made under duress AFTER the state was in egrigious violation of Movant’s stated rights.
XX. Movant states that the issues pertaining to due process are Binary issues meaning either they
happened/occurred or they didn’t. There is no middle ground. These mandated Due Process Rights are
REQUIRED in order to ensure that all accused receive a fair trial and to prevent a complete miscarriage
of justice such as what has transpired here at the negligent and malice hands of Lafayette County
Officials, Employees, and Officials/Employees working on behalf of the State of Mississippi.
XXI. Pursuant to well established and cited case law, the order/judgement must be declared void and must
be set aside due to it being inconsistent with due process of law.
Bryant, Inc. v. Walters, 493 So. 2d 933, 938 (Miss. 1986).
XXII. That denial of this motion would amount to a rogue deviance from the State of Mississippi’s
own well-established rules and laws laid out and would further aggrieve irreparable
harm/injury upon movant through denying him his absolute right to vindication and his
rudimentary demands for justice through the complete deprivation of corrective process and
delay of the inevitable by and through its own established system of law. In turn this not
only compounds damages that the State of Mississippi would ultimately be held liable for,
but stands to send permanent disrepute into the state judiciary.
XXIII. A Habeas corpus petition was filed by the public defender commanding the sheriff to bring
Movant before the court to show just cause for the illegal confinement of Movant, and while
the petition was approved to proceed in forma pauperis, Movant was never brought before
the court and was further illegally confined for an additional 4 weeks.
XXIV.Movant was never made aware of this Habeas petition ever being filed until nearly 6 months
after he plead out to free himself for the sake of his child and his sanity after being
unlawfully held for a crime that was never truly committed. This amounts to
misrepresentation by Movant’s council and Movant has been requesting answers to no avail
making the Movant question whether fraud had occurred here as well, yet unsure where the
true responsibility and liability falls.
XXV.All requests by Movant to have his bond lowered to a constitutionally fit amount went
completely ignored after being given a bond amount that was three times higher than the
maximum guidelines established less than a year prior by way of the Mississippi Supreme
Court. Movant/Movant never caused any physical harm to anyone and never had been
accused of a felony crime prior to this allegation.
XXVI.Movant/Movant had pending ongoing litigation against Lafayette County due to a highly
contestable arrest made May 1st, 2017 when movant was arrested for disorderly conduct for
standing on public property holding the then state flag of Mississippi. Movant states this
cause stemmed from a mutually beneficial arrangement which provided benefit and shielded
Lafayette County Sheriff’s Department and Deputy Timmy Pruitt from liability stemming
from the May 1st 2017 Arrest made.
XXVII.At the same time, it accomplished the intended goal of Rhea and Robyn Tannehill, effectively
silencing Movant through taking out an emergency injunction over constitutionally
protected activity along with their own embellishments and interpretations of certain things
Movant had said which NEVER conveyed a physical threat and in referenced the reporting
of serious crimes to the proper authorities which was in fact done. All of this done in order
to prevent Movant from speaking and addressing the board of aldermen at City Hall on June
6, 2017 (The Day Robyn Tannehill was elected Mayor of Oxford) which Movant was slotted
in advance to speak at the conclusion of Joey East in order to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances, an absolutely key part of the first amendment.
XXVIII.Movant states that it is this reason along with his child and girlfriend at the time which would
have easily shown and conveyed the fact that movant/Movant was not a flight risk, not to
mention movant is a USMC Veteran that has never had any prior history of being a flight
risk. Therefore, it is entirely the impression of the movant that bond was used in a
punitive way to influence an outcome of a sham legal proceeding which was initiated by
Lafayette County (State of Mississippi), it’s employees, along with elected and appointed
officials under knowingly false pretenses by a Justice Court Judge (Carolyn Bell) whom
has had a history of setting bonds on the lower end of the bond guidelines.
XXIX.The fact that movant was interrupted by Judge Bell and advised of his fifth amendment rights
on two separate occasions when he tried to show information upfront which would show
the impossibility of movant to have committed the alleged crime should concern and
frighten every American. Movant asserts in complete confidence what all precluding
evidence would demonstrate a clearly shown political attack on Movant by way of criminal
conspiracy, racketeering, organized crime, and the successful deprivation and continued
deprivation of the Movant’s rights. Movant/Movant states that his life was completely
ruined, and millions of splinters sent ripping through the surrounding areas at the hands of
an extortionist scheme which has perpetuated itself by ways of Movant’s ex-girlfriend and
mother of his child initiating additional legal proceedings which she, her attorneys, and the
state of Mississippi know to be false yet have allowed her to continue to get away with
making the Defendant, the State of Mississippi complicit in the continued fraud and attempts
to frame an innocent American whom doubles as a USMC Veteran.
XXX.Movant asserts this conduct and behavior is dangerous, treasonous, and downright constitutionally
damning. Even more concerning is the fact that all evidence shows Movant’s innocence in which
Defendant abused its own system, refused to follow its own rules laid out, insisted on carrying its
scheme against Movant regardless of who witnessed the commission of its own crimes and
regardless of how blatantly obnoxious, highly prejudicial, overly oppressive, and tyrannically
suppressive it attacked and inflicted irreparable harm on Movant which has had far reaching
consequences. After being unlawfully held captive in the Lafayette County Detention Center for
six weeks’ time, Movant was coerced by his legal counsel (at the time) Brennan Horan to plea out
in order to get out and avoid being “Railroaded” by additional charges that the state allegedly was
going to start “piling on” in order to try to get a quick yet highly immoral win despite indisputable
evidence being brought to the attention of Movant’s attorney whom looking back now would appear
to have been “Bought” or “Paid For” to help influence a favorable outcome. Especially when this
attorney claimed to have gone on “quail hunts with Judge Luther” and went to law school with Rhea
Tannehill, further asserting that he “knew him well”.
XXXI.That Movant’s Guilty plea was involuntary due to a denial of his due process rights as guaranteed by the
United States and State of Mississippi Constitutions, thus making his plea of guilty a violation of
the laws of the State of Mississippi That Movant received inadequate representation by his legal
counsel on record, in which adequate counsel representation likely would have resulted in an
outright dismissal of the State’s charge. Furthermore, Movant only met with his legal council one
time and no discovery motion was ever requested by Movant’s legal counsel. That the state has
refused to comply with a Freedom of Information Act Request for information regarding the phone
call received on May 24, 2017 which through the state’s own admission on a more recent public
records request ultimately led to the charge being levied against the Movant.
XXXII.Movant re-asserts by way of Fraud and collusion that this entire case has been tainted and
manipulated in a plot that has continued to Deprive Movant of his Rights
XXXIII.There exists additional evidence of material facts, not reasonably discoverable at the time involuntary
plea was given and not previously presented at that time, which requires vacation of the conviction
or sentence in the interest of justice.
MOVANT STATES IN SUMMARY
The facts in this cause are shocking, Unjustifiable, and indifferent to the fullest of Movant’s Due
Process Rights along with other key Constitutional rights Movant was entitled to that this entire
completely sham criminal proceeding stemmed from. Movant was not allowed to speak to offer
concrete evidence of his innocence, and further Movant was DENIED the opportunity to obtain a
lower bond amount that fell within the established guidelines that the Movant or his family could
afford. Movant’s bond was set three times higher than maximum guidelines allowed despite the State
of Mississippi not producing so much as a single piece of evidence suggesting it had a valid claim.
Movant in this cause asserted he had evidence to prove his innocence which should have been heard
and examined up front and most certainly at a Preliminary Hearing. Unfortunately for the Movant,
he never was afforded a Preliminary Hearing whether it be through the sole fault of the State, or a
shared fault of the Movant’s appointed legal counsel. It’s more than a coincidence that all of this
transpired when assessing the factual evidence surrounding it. Movant was given a bond FAR
outside of established guidelines exactly 7 days prior to the soon to be incoming mayor’s election in
order to help ensure that Movant remained locked away, suppressed, and unable to fulfill his
constitutional duty. Movant was given what all impressions gave off as a “forced plea deal” exactly
7 days after Tannehill was sworn into office and assumed command as Mayor. Movant had to agree
to five years supervised probation which encompassed a banishment order exiling him from Oxford
and Lafayette County for a period of 5 years, AND a covenant to not sue Lafayette County, its
officials, its employees, The City of Oxford, its officials, it’s employees, Sheriff Buddy East or any
of his dully appointed deputies, as well as the Victim/Claimants Todd and Ashley Lynch. This
effectively barred Movant from suing for anything relating to LK17-295 or the prior matter involving
the May 1st, 2017 arrest made. Movant poses before this court the obvious question of WHY would
that be mandated if foul play wasn’t involved and how many other cases it is aware of where the
person charged had to agree not to sue the person claiming they were put in fear of their life?
Especially when the Movant didn’t even own an AR-15 or any type of rifle or long gun, and only
possessed a 40cal Taurus Pistol until May 20th, 2017. This has been the most corrupt, disgusting
showing of force and a blatant abuse of law enforcement appearing more like mob tactics with a
completely grotesque, unconscionable, politically motivated attack on Movant which couldn’t have
been done without the helping hand of corrupt law enforcement officers and preferential treatment
given to the true criminals by the courts. Movant has demonstrated nonstop evidence and has gone
above and beyond to seek vindication along with holding the truly guilty parties responsible yet to
no avail due to the Movant being public enemy number one due to the outrageous civil and criminal
liability the State of Mississippi has imposed on itself in a situation that in no way can Plausible
Deniability ever be asserted as a defense to its culpably negligent actions. That added with the
continued fictitious petitions filed by Movant’s ex-girlfriend and mother of his now 6-year-old child, Phyllis
Marie Crowder-Kester show that the situation is spiraling out of control through organized crime, Criminal
and Civil Conspiracy, and The false reporting of crimes, ALL OF WHICH should be prosecuted under the
RICO Act yet the State and its agencies have chosen to stand down and continue standing down. It would
appear through the lack of care shown by Defendant in this cause (State) that its agencies tasked with creating
reports and deterring crimes has in fact been complicit in the ongoing fraud consisting the false reporting of
crimes, further giving off all impressions that the Defendant is aiding and protecting the criminal acts of true
criminals to protect itself from the legal liability it brought on itself. The complete culpable negligence shown
has continued to compound the ongoing crisis and has now risen to uncharted levels. Movant hereby asserts
the claims he has made were made to the best of his ability and asserts under a signed and sworn affidavit
that he was the target of a politically motivated quid-pro-quo witch-hunt where he was charged with a crime
that never even occurred, and further that he never could have committed. Movant has been and continues to
be denied the equal protections of the laws which exist to provide protections and relief from the Federal
Government from such abuse by the states, and Movant continues to be victimized by false petitions filed in
Lafayette County Chancery Court as well as Olive Branch Municipal Court and all stemming from a
connection between Crowder, her attorneys, and state/county/city officials. It outrages the Movant that a
simple arrest and lie told over three years ago now has created a full-blown constitutional crisis, and there is
no end in sight without relief granted on this motion and for action to be taken against the truly criminal
parties demonstrating a willingness for the Defendant to purge itself of its complicit, negligent, and
unconstitutional decisions. The level of involvement amounting to fraud which show all signs of public
corruption becomes increasingly evident when the other legal matters are given a closer look by a man who
swore a never-expiring oath to his country to protect and defend its constitution.
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED
Movant/Movant prays that this court grant his motion for relief from judgement or order by taking into
consideration all stated facts within, and setting aside Movant’s plea which should be considered voided and
involuntary, else movant moves this court to re-open this cause for the purposes of trial to examine such claims
brought forth which would go to proving Movant’s innocence in the criminal cause LK17-295. Should this
motion be denied, movant notices the State of his immediate intention to litigate these matters in the proper
federal jurisdiction in order to test the sufficiency and constitutionality of the rulings within.
Movant hereby sends a copy of this motion to the Office of the Attorney General of Mississippi in hopes that the
repugnant conduct in regard to extreme prosecutorial misconduct by its district attorneys and prosecutors be
immediately looked into and hopefully curtailed. If nothing else it provides more documented notice of a
significant problem needing to be addressed immediately.
Movant also prays for any other general or special relief to which he may be entitled
Respectfully Submitted this 23rd Day of November 2021
__________________________________________
Matthew Oliver Reardon
Movant/Defendant
117 CR 401
Oxford, MS 38655
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK FROM SIGNATURE DOWN