United States Supreme Court
O'CONNOR v. DONALDSON(1975)
No. 74-8
Argued: January 15, 1975 | Decided: June 26, 1975
Respondent, who was confined almost 15 years "for care, maintenance, and treatment" as a mental patient in a
Florida state hospital, brought this action for damages under 42 U.S.C. 1983 against petitioner, the hospital's
superintendent, and other staff members, alleging that they had intentionally and maliciously deprived him of his
constitutional right to liberty. The evidence showed that respondent, whose frequent requests for release had been
rejected by petitioner notwithstanding undertakings by responsible persons to care for him if necessary, was
dangerous neither to himself nor others, and, if mentally ill, had not received treatment. Petitioner's principal defense
was that he had acted in good faith, since state law, which he believed valid, had authorized indefinite custodial
confinement of the "sick," even if they were not treated and their release would not be harmful, and that petitioner
was therefore immune from any liability for monetary damages. The jury found for respondent and awarded
compensatory and punitive damages against petitioner and a codefendant. The Court of Appeals, on broad
Fourteenth Amendment grounds, affirmed the District Court's ensuing judgment entered on the verdict. Held:
1. A State cannot constitutionally confine, without more, a non-dangerous individual who is capable of
surviving safely in freedom by himself or with the help of willing and responsible family members or
friends, and since the jury found, upon ample evidence, that petitioner did so confine respondent, it properly
concluded that petitioner had violated respondent's right to liberty. Pp. 573-576.
2. Since the Court of Appeals did not consider whether the trial judge erred in refusing to give an instruction
requested by petitioner concerning his claimed reliance on state law as authorization for respondent's
continued confinement, and since neither court below had the benefit of this Court's decision in Wood v.
Strickland, 420 U.S. 308 , on the scope of a state official's qualified immunity under 42 U.S.C. 1983, the
case is vacated and [422 U.S. 563, 564] remanded for consideration of petitioner's liability vel non for
monetary damages for violating respondent's constitutional right. Pp. 576-577.
493 F.2d 507, vacated and remanded.
JUSTICE STEWART delivered the opinion of the Court.
The respondent, Kenneth Donaldson, was civilly committed to confinement as a mental patient in the Florida State
Hospital at Chattahoochee in January 1957. He was kept in custody there against his will for nearly 15 years. The
petitioner, Dr. J. B. O'Connor, was the hospital's superintendent during most of this period. [422 U.S. 563,
565] Throughout his confinement Donaldson repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, demanded his release, claiming that
he was dangerous to no one, that he was not mentally ill, and that, at any rate, the hospital was not providing
treatment for his supposed illness. Finally, in February 1971, Donaldson brought this lawsuit under 42 U.S.C. 1983,
in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida, alleging that O'Connor, and other members
of the hospital staff named as defendants, had intentionally and maliciously deprived him of his constitutional right
to liberty. 1 After a four-day trial, the jury returned a verdict assessing both compensatory and punitive damages
against O'Connor and a codefendant. The Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed the judgment, 493 F.2d
507. We granted O'Connor's petition for certiorari, 419 U.S. 894 , because of the important constitutional questions
seemingly presented.
I. Donaldson's commitment was initiated by his father, who thought that his son was suffering from
"delusions." After hearings before a county judge of Pinellas County, Fla., Donaldson was found to be
suffering from "paranoid schizophrenia" and was committed for "care, maintenance, [422 U.S. 563,
566] and treatment" pursuant to Florida statutory provisions that have since been repealed. 2 The state law
was less than clear in specifying the grounds necessary [422 U.S. 563, 567] for commitment, and the
record is scanty as to Donaldson's condition at the time of the judicial hearing. These matters are, however,
irrelevant, for this case involves no challenge to the initial commitment, but is focused, instead, upon the
nearly 15 years of confinement that followed.
The evidence at the trial showed that the hospital staff had the power to release a patient, not dangerous to
himself or others, even if he remained mentally ill and had been lawfully committed. 3 Despite many
requests, O'Connor refused to allow that power to be [422 U.S. 563, 568] exercised in Donaldson's case.
At the trial, O'Connor indicated that he had believed that Donaldson would have been unable to make a
"successful adjustment outside the institution," but could not recall the basis for that conclusion. O'Connor
retired as superintendent shortly before this suit was filed. A few months thereafter, and before the trial,
Donaldson secured his release and a judicial restoration of competency, with the support of the hospital
staff.
The testimony at the trial demonstrated, without contradiction, that Donaldson had posed no danger to
others during his long confinement, or indeed at any point in his life. O'Connor himself conceded that he
had no personal or secondhand knowledge that Donaldson had ever committed a dangerous act. There was
no evidence that Donaldson had ever been suicidal or been thought likely to inflict injury upon himself.
One of O'Connor's codefendants acknowledged that Donaldson could have earned his own living outside
the hospital. He had done so for some 14 years before his commitment, and immediately upon his release
he secured a responsible job in hotel administration.
Furthermore, Donaldson's frequent requests for release had been supported by responsible persons willing
to provide him any care he might need on release. In 1963, for example, a representative of Helping Hands,
Inc., a halfway house for mental patients, wrote O'Connor asking him to release Donaldson to its care. The
request was accompanied by a supporting letter from the Minneapolis Clinic of Psychiatry and Neurology,
which a codefendant conceded was a "good clinic." O'Connor rejected the offer, replying that Donaldson
could be released only to his parents. That rule was apparently of O'Connor's own making. At the time,
Donaldson was 55 years old, and, as O'Connor knew, Donaldson's parents [422 U.S. 563, 569] were too
elderly and infirm to take responsibility for him. Moreover, in his continuing correspondence with
Donaldson's parents, O'Connor never informed them of the Helping Hands offer. In addition, on four
separate occasions between 1964 and 1968, John Lembcke, a college classmate of Donaldson's and a
longtime family friend, asked O'Connor to release Donaldson to his care. On each occasion O'Connor
refused. The record shows that Lembcke was a serious and responsible person, who was willing and able
to assume responsibility for Donaldson's welfare.
The evidence showed that Donaldson's confinement was a simple regime of enforced custodial care, not a
program designed to alleviate or cure his supposed illness. Numerous witnesses, including one of
O'Connor's codefendants, testified that Donaldson had received nothing but custodial care while at the
hospital. O'Connor described Donaldson's treatment as "milieu therapy." But witnesses from the hospital
staff conceded that, in the context of this case, "milieu therapy" was a euphemism for confinement in the
"milieu" of a mental hospital. 4 For substantial periods, Donaldson was simply kept in a large room that
housed 60 patients, many of whom were under criminal commitment. Donaldson's requests for ground
privileges, occupational training, and an opportunity to discuss his case with O'Connor or other staff
members were repeatedly denied.
At the trial, O'Connor's principal defense was that he had acted in good faith and was therefore immune
from any liability for monetary damages. His position, in short, was that state law, which he had believed
valid, [422 U.S. 563, 570] had authorized indefinite custodial confinement of the "sick," even if they were
not given treatment and their release could harm no one. 5
The trial judge instructed the members of the jury that they should find that O'Connor had violated
Donaldson's constitutional right to liberty if they found that he had
"confined [Donaldson] against his will, knowing that he was not mentally ill or dangerous or
knowing that if mentally ill he was not receiving treatment for his alleged mental illness.. . . . .
"Now, the purpose of involuntary hospitalization is treatment and not mere custodial care or
punishment if a patient is not a danger to himself or others. Without such treatment there is no
justification from a constitutional stand-point for continued confinement unless you should also
find that [Donaldson] was dangerous to either himself or others." 6 [422 U.S. 563, 571]
The trial judge further instructed the jury that O'Connor was immune from damages if he
"reasonably believed in good faith that detention of [422 U.S. 563, 572] [Donaldson] was proper
for the length of time he was so confined . . . .
"However, mere good intentions which do not give rise to a reasonable belief that detention is
lawfully required cannot justify [Donaldson's] confinement in the Florida State Hospital."
The jury returned a verdict for Donaldson against O'Connor and a codefendant, and awarded damages of
$38,500, including $10,000 in punitive damages. 7
The Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment of the District Court in a broad opinion dealing with "the far-
reaching question whether the Fourteenth Amendment guarantees a right to treatment to persons
involuntarily civilly committed to state mental hospitals." 493 F.2d, at 509. The appellate court held that
when, as in Donaldson's case, the rationale for confinement is that the patient is in need of treatment, the
Constitution requires that minimally adequate treatment in fact be provided. Id., at 521. The court further
expressed the view that, regardless of the grounds for involuntary civil commitment, a person confined
against his will at a state mental institution has "a constitutional right to receive such individual treatment
as will give him a reasonable opportunity to be cured or to improve his mental condition." Id., at 520.
Conversely, the court's opinion implied that it is constitutionally permissible for a State to confine a
mentally ill person against his will in order to treat his illness, regardless of whether his illness renders [422
U.S. 563, 573] him dangerous to himself or others. See id., at 522-527.
II
We have concluded that the difficult issues of constitutional law dealt with by the Court of Appeals are not
presented by this case in its present posture. Specifically, there is no reason now to decide whether mentally
ill persons dangerous to themselves or to others have a right to treatment upon compulsory confinement by
the State, or whether the State may compulsorily confine a nondangerous, mentally ill individual for the
purpose of treatment. As we view it, this case raises a single, relatively simple, but nonetheless important
question concerning every man's constitutional right to liberty.
The jury found that Donaldson was neither dangerous to himself nor dangerous to others, and also found
that, if mentally ill, Donaldson had not received treatment. 8 That verdict, based on abundant evidence,
makes the issue before the Court a narrow one. We need not decide whether, when, or by what procedures,
a mentally ill person may be confined by the State on any of the grounds which, under contemporary
statutes, are generally advanced to justify involuntary confinement of such a person - to prevent injury to
the public, to ensure [422 U.S. 563, 574] his own survival or safety, 9 or to alleviate or cure his illness.
See Jackson v. Indiana, 406 U.S. 715, 736 -737; Humphrey v. Cady, 405 U.S. 504, 509 . For the jury found
that none of the above grounds for continued confinement was present in Donaldson's case. 10
Given the jury's findings, what was left as justification for keeping Donaldson in continued confinement?
The fact that state law may have authorized confinement of the harmless mentally ill does not itself establish
a constitutionally adequate purpose for the confinement. See Jackson v. Indiana, supra, at 720-723; McNeil
v. Director, Patuxent Institution, 407 U.S. 245, 248 -250. Nor is it enough that Donaldson's original
confinement was [422 U.S. 563, 575] founded upon a constitutionally adequate basis, if in fact it was,
because even if his involuntary confinement was initially permissible, it could not constitutionally continue
after that basis no longer existed. Jackson v. Indiana, supra, at 738; McNeil v. Director, Patuxent Institution,
supra.
A finding of "mental illness" alone cannot justify a State's locking a person up against his will and keeping
him indefinitely in simple custodial confinement. Assuming that that term can be given a reasonably precise
content and that the "mentally ill" can be identified with reasonable accuracy, there is still no constitutional
basis for confining such persons involuntarily if they are dangerous to no one and can live safely in freedom.
May the State confine the mentally ill merely to ensure them a living standard superior to that they enjoy
in the private community? That the State has a proper interest in providing care and assistance to the
unfortunate goes without saying. But the mere presence of mental illness does not disqualify a person from
preferring his home to the comforts of an institution. Moreover, while the State may arguably confine a
person to save him from harm, incarceration is rarely if ever a necessary condition for raising the living
standards of those capable of surviving safely in freedom, on their own or with the help of family or friends.
See Shelton v. Tucker, 364 U.S. 479, 488 -490.
May the State fence in the harmless mentally ill solely to save its citizens from exposure to those whose
ways are different? One might as well ask if the State, to avoid public unease, could incarcerate all who are
physically unattractive or socially eccentric. Mere public intolerance or animosity cannot constitutionally
justify the deprivation of a person's physical liberty. See, e. g., Cohen v. California, 403 U.S. 15, 24 -26;
Coates v. City of [422 U.S. 563, 576] Cincinnati, 402 U.S. 611, 615 ; Street v. New York, 394 U.S. 576,
592 ; cf. U.S. Dept. of Agriculture v. Moreno, 413 U.S. 528, 534 .
In short, a State cannot constitutionally confine without more a non-dangerous individual who is capable
of surviving safely in freedom by himself or with the help of willing and responsible family members or
friends. Since the jury found, upon ample evidence, that O'Connor, as an agent of the State, knowingly did
so confine Donaldson, it properly concluded that O'Connor violated Donaldson's constitutional right to
freedom.