FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI LAFAYRENDERER 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
Phyllis Marie Crowder-Kester 
2020 NOV 16 PM 3:27 
IJ 
Plaintiff/Petitioner 
Vs 
Matthew Reardon 
Cause # CV2016-422W 
Defendant/Respondent 
MOTION TO DISMISS OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, TO TRANSFER VENUE 
Pursuant to Miss. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(3), Matthew Reardon, The Respondent/Defendant in the above 
captioned cause files this Motion to Dismiss, Or, Altemative, to Transfer Venue on the basis that venue 
is improper in the Chancery Court of Lafayette County, Mississippi due to reasons of constitutional law, 
equity sought by respondent, and a jury demand by respondent/movant for these reasons stated. Due to 
other legal matters involving Lafayette County which are ongoing in which movant has asserted and 
continues to assert influence by opposing council along with select others prejudicing both prior as well 
as ongoing legal matters- which includes the opposing council in this matter, Mona Pittman and Christi 
McCoy who was in attendance during today's proceedings, and who represents the plaintiff as defense 
council in a separate matter. Movant asserts that he feels he cannot receive a fair ruling and one 
congruent with the constitution without a jury trial after this court ignored the statutory requirement 
placed upon the court of innocence until proven guilty. Movant feels he brought forth the evidence 
required to cast complete doubt on the plaintiff's claims especially being they haven't produced one sliver 
of evidence to back the baseless, slanderous, and defaming claims they made against Defendant and his 
wife. Nonetheless, as like the prior legal matter three years ago which is currently on appeal to the 
Supreme Court, the movant here was ultimately looked at in the eyes of this court as guilty until he could 
prove himself and his wife innocent in which movant had the evidence of and detailed out in his motions 
and petitions filed which include 3 separate calls with Department of Childs Services where they state 
the plaintiff in this cause is lying and in gross contempt. Plaintiff in this cause recently pled out to filing 
a false report of Rape on the Defendant and has a history of pathological lying. Therefore based on the 
clear inconsistencies shown during today's hearing, movant asserts this to be a matter he seeks out a trial 
by a jury of his peers and further asserts that a trial which would show the plaintiff bringing false, 
perjuring claims in an ongoing criminal conspiracy against the Defendant would negate any need for a 
Guardian Ad Litem and potentially tainted result for Defendant being that Guardian Ad Litem was at 
first named by Plaintiff's Attorney whom is at the center of pending litigation due to what the Defendant 
in this cause asserts as direct involvement in his criminal framing along with a high preponderance of 
her playing a significant part in his incarceration awaiting trial denying him rights of due process and 
certain constitutional rights. As a USMC Veteran, Movant strongly condemns this type of treatment, 
and moves for treatment guaranteed by due process under and congruent with the Constitution. 
Respondent states that other pending legal matters he is initiating against the adverse party including 
intentional torts of civil wrongdoing that which movant would assert meets and exceeds the criteria of 
organized crime and conspiracy that has been committed on behalf of the plaintiff in this cause. As such, 
movant doesn't feel he is receiving proper care to the issue at hand which has already shown to be 
prejudicial to movant and raising real constitutional concerns which movant feels should be heard and 
decided by trial and jury of his peers, or on oral argument to the Mississippi Supreme Court on 
interlocutory appeal should movant's motion to dismiss order entered by this court or transfer venue to 
circuit court not be granted. 
The Complaint identifies the Defendant as an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County. This is correct. 
Thus, is domiciled in Lafayette County. The cause of action involves the alleged abuse of a minor 
child in which plaintiff's claim was closed out unsubstantiated by Department of Child Services, Led to 
no notification of law enforcement which almost certainly would have happened leading in turn to an 
investigation which quite frankly was not the case, further the plaintiff has gone in gross contempt of the 
established visitation order established by this court for 9 months not allowing communication or 
scheduled visitation with the respondent despite his continued child support obligations of $600 per 
month being rendered to the plaintiff every month. All of this was done in retaliation of the plaintiff 
being prosecuted by Olive Branch Police Department for her knowingly false reporting and further 
conspired reporting that the respondent/movant had raped her which couldn't have been further from the 
truth. Such accusations on both the respondent/movant as well as his spouse have resulted in emotional 
trauma due to knowingly false, slanderous, and defaming statements and accusations made, and has 
further created conflict and marital issues between the respondent and his spouse, as such it is the movant 
and his spouse's intention to immediately bring a cause for action for Slander, Defamation of Character, 
Libel, Tortious Interference, Abuse of Process, Malicious Prosecution, and Civil Conspiracy against the 
Plaintiff in this cause and her spouse, along with bringing appropriate legal remedies against the 
plaintiff's counsel for knowingly playing a part in the ongoing conspiracy and intentional criminal 
framing of the respondent for the part that she so carelessly played. 
WHEREFORE, Movant Matthew Reardon respectfully requests this Court to dismiss the action brought 
forth by the plaintiff due to absolutely ZERO evidence produced at the SECOND scheduled hearing to 
back their baseless claims especially after 9 months of being in contempt of this court's child visitation 
schedule. Movant further respectfully requests for this court to rescind its order entered 11/16/2020, or, 
in the alternative, to transfer this action to the Circuit Court of Lafayette County based on improper 
venue due to the amount of equity sought in counterclaim, the seriousness of the nature and harm steadily 
aggrieved by the movant and his spouse from such, and a jury demand by movant. 
Movant further states his full intent to appeal by interlocutory appeal to the Mississippi Supreme Court 
should this motion not be heard and denied. Movant prays for any additional relief the Court may deem 
proper in such motion. 
Respectfully Submitted This 16th Day of November 2020 
Matthew Reardon Respondant/Defendant/Movant