UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
VENUE TO BE ANNOUNCED
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON,
Plaintiff,
v. | CASE NO.: _______________________
LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI;
CITY OF OXFORD, MISSISSIPPI;
JOSEPH EAST, individually and in his official capacity;
SCOTT MILLS, individually and in his official Capacity;
TIMOTHY PRUITT, individually and in his official capacity;
KANDACE BEAVERS, individually and in her official capacity;
JAKE WILLIFORD, individually and in his official Capacity;
JOHN HILL, individually and in his official capacity;
COURTNEY DIXON, individually and in his official Capacity;
ETHAN TIDWELL, individually and in his official capacity;
OMAR AHMED, individually and in his official capacity;
JOE QUARLES, individually and in his official capacity;
JEFF BUSBY, individually and in his official capacity;
CHYNA SINERVO, individually and in her official capacity;
COMMUNICARE, INC;
SANDY ROGERS;
RACHEL ALCORN;
SUSAN BEARD;
ROBYN TANNEHILL, individually and in her official capacity;
RHEA TANNEHILL,
JEFF MCCUTCHEN, individually and in his official Capacity;
KEVIN PARKER, individually and in his official capacity;
HILDON SESSUMS, individually and in his official capacity
PAT PATTERSON, individually and in his former official capacity
MICKEY AVENT, individually and in his official capacity;
CAROLYN BELL, individually and in her official capacity;
GLENN ALDERSON, individually and in his former official capacity;
LAWRENCE LITTLE, individually and in his official capacity;
JOHN KELLY LUTHER, individually and in his official capacity;
ANDREW HOWORTH, individually and in his official capacity;
KENT SMITH, individually and in his official capacity;
TIFFANY KILPATRICK, individually and in her Official capacity;
BRENNAN HORAN;
MITCHELL DRISKELL;
MARK MCCLINTON;
CHRISTI MCCOY;
MONA PITTMAN;
TODD LYNCH;
ASHLEY LYNCH;
PHYLLIS "LIZ" CROWDER;
WILLIAM OSTEEN, individually and in his official capacity
UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS MEDICAL BRANCH ("UTMB"),
LAYTON CITY, UTAH;
RILEY RICHUMS, individually and in his official Capacity;
UNIDENTIFIED FBI AGENTS 1-5;
JOHN/JANE DOES 1-40
(identities currently unknown/unlisted)
Defendants.
COMPLAINT FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE RACKETEER INFLUENCED
AND CORRUPT ORGANIZATIONS ACT (18 U.S.C. §§ 1961-1968)
AND CONSPIRACY TO VIOLATE CIVIL RIGHTS (42 U.S.C. § 1983)
JURY TRIAL DEMANDED
INTRODUCTION
1. This case arises from an eight-year campaign of coordinated retaliation,
obstruction of justice, malicious prosecution, and systematic deprivation of
constitutional rights orchestrated by governmental entities, officials, and
private individuals against Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon. What began as
retaliation for Plaintiff's protected First Amendment activities in 2017 evolved
into a sophisticated racketeering enterprise spanning multiple jurisdictions
and involving dozens of actors working in concert to silence, intimidate,
imprison, and ultimately destroy Plaintiff through abuse of legal processes and
government authority.
2. The Defendants formed an association-in-fact enterprise that weaponized
every aspect of the local justice system – from law enforcement to courts to
mental health services – to target Plaintiff through fabricated charges,
manufactured evidence, coerced plea agreements, fraudulent mental health
commitments, manipulation of court records, and interstate coordination to
deprive Plaintiff of due process, liberty, property, and fundamental
constitutional rights.
3. This enterprise operated with a common purpose: to silence Plaintiff's
protected speech, punish his challenges to local government corruption, and
make an example of him to deter others who might question authority
in Lafayette County, Mississippi and beyond. The enterprise succeeded in
forcing Plaintiff's banishment from Lafayette County, separating him from his
children, destroying his reputation, depleting his financial resources, and
subjecting him to multiple wrongful incarcerations and psychiatric
commitments based on fabricated grounds.
4. The enterprise's activities fit the classic pattern of racketeering: a coordinated
series of predicate criminal acts including obstruction of justice, witness
tampering, extortion, kidnapping, perjury, mail fraud, wire fraud, and interstate
transportation in aid of racketeering enterprises, all committed through abuse
of official authority and manipulation of legal processes. The enterprise
operated continuously from 2017 through 2025, expanding to include actors
in Texas and Utah to pursue its vendetta against Plaintiff across state lines.
5. This civil RICO action seeks to hold accountable the government entities,
officials, and private individuals who corrupted the machinery of justice to
persecute a citizen for exercising his constitutional rights. Through treble
damages, injunctive relief, and public exposure of this corrupt enterprise,
Plaintiff seeks not only compensation for his extraordinary suffering but also
structural reforms to prevent similar abuses of power from victimizing others
in the future.
JURISDICTION AND VENUE
6. This Court has subject matter jurisdiction over this action pursuant to 28 U.S.C.
§ 1331 (federal question), 28 U.S.C. § 1343 (civil rights), and 18 U.S.C. § 1964(c)
(RICO).
7. This Court has supplemental jurisdiction over state law claims pursuant to 28
U.S.C. § 1367 as they form part of the same case or controversy.
8. Venue is proper in the Northern District of Mississippi, Oxford Division,
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391(b) and 18 U.S.C. § 1965, as a substantial part of
the events giving rise to these claims occurred in this district, and many
Defendants reside or have their principal place of business in this district.
9. Personal jurisdiction exists over all Defendants as they either reside in
Mississippi, conducted business in Mississippi, committed tortious acts in
Mississippi, or participated in the racketeering enterprise that directed
activities into Mississippi with knowledge that the effects would be felt in this
jurisdiction.
PARTIES
Plaintiff
10. Plaintiff MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON is a natural person who, at all times
relevant to the initial incidents described herein, was a resident of Lafayette
County, Mississippi. Plaintiff currently resides in Layton, Utah, having relocated
following his banishment from Lafayette County and subsequent legal
vindication. Plaintiff is a journalist, constitutional activist, U.S. Marine Corps
veteran, and father who became the target of a coordinated campaign of
retaliation and persecution for his protected First Amendment activities.
Governmental Entity Defendants
11. Defendant LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI is a political subdivision of the
State of Mississippi with the capacity to sue and be sued. Lafayette County
acts through its officials, policies, practices, and customs, including those of
the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department, Lafayette County Detention
Center, Lafayette County Board of Supervisors, and Lafayette County courts.
Lafayette County is responsible for the policies, practices, and customs that
caused the constitutional violations alleged herein.
12. Defendant CITY OF OXFORD, MISSISSIPPI is a municipal corporation organized
under the laws of Mississippi with the capacity to sue and be sued. The City of
Oxford acts through its officials, policies, practices, and customs, including
those of the Oxford Police Department, Oxford City Hall, and Oxford Board of
Aldermen. The City of Oxford is responsible for the policies, practices, and
customs that caused the constitutional violations alleged herein.
13. Defendant LAYTON CITY, UTAH is a municipal corporation organized under
the laws of Utah with the capacity to sue and be sued. Layton City acts through
its officials, policies, practices, and customs, including those of the Layton
Police Department. Layton City is responsible for the policies, practices, and
customs that caused the constitutional violations alleged herein.
Law Enforcement Defendants
14. Defendant JOSEPH "JOEY" EAST is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, the Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant East personally participated in,
directed, or had knowledge of and failed to prevent the constitutional
violations alleged herein, including but not limited to: selective enforcement
of laws, fabrication of evidence, malicious prosecution, false imprisonment,
conspiracy to violate civil rights, retaliatory conduct, and obstruction of justice.
15. Defendant SCOTT MILLS is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, the
Chief Deputy Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Mills personally participated
in, directed, or had knowledge of and failed to prevent the constitutional
violations alleged herein.
16. Defendant TIMOTHY PRUITT was, at times relevant to this Complaint, a Deputy
Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his individual and
official capacities. Defendant Pruitt personally participated in the unlawful
arrest of Plaintiff on May 1, 2017, for constitutionally protected activity and
fabricated grounds for this arrest.
17. Defendant KANDACE BEAVERS is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Deputy Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. She is sued in
both her individual and official capacities. Defendant Beavers personally
participated in multiple constitutional violations against Plaintiff, including the
fabrication of evidence, false imprisonment, and malicious prosecution related
to a February 2021 DUI arrest and subsequent November 2022 probation
revocation.
18. Defendant JAKE WILLIFORD is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
a Deputy Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Williford personally participated
in constitutional violations against Plaintiff, including the February 2021 DUI
arrest based on fabricated grounds.
19. Defendant JOHN HILL is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, the
Chief Civil Process Deputy of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both
his individual and official capacities. Defendant Hill witnessed and
documented but failed to prevent Rhea Tannehill's assault on Plaintiff while
Plaintiff was in restraints.
20. Defendant COURTNEY DIXON is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Deputy Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both
his individual and official capacities. Defendant Dixon personally participated
in the December 2020 unlawful arrest of Plaintiff and provided false testimony
regarding this arrest.
21. Defendant ETHAN TIDWELL is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
a Deputy Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Tidwell personally participated in
the December 2020 unlawful arrest of Plaintiff and tampered with evidence by
removing Plaintiff's phone.
22. Defendant OMAR AHMED is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, a
Lieutenant of the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department. He is sued in both
his individual and official capacities. Defendant Ahmed personally participated
in constitutional violations against Plaintiff.
23. Defendant JOE QUARLES is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, a
Deputy Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Quarles personally participated in
the civil commitments of Plaintiff in December 2021 and February 2022.
24. Defendant JEFF MCCUTCHEN is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, the Chief of the Oxford Police Department. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant McCutchen personally referred
Plaintiff's constitutionally protected First Amendment audit to the Mississippi
Bureau of Investigation, resulting in fabricated felony charges.
25. Defendant KEVIN PARKER is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, a
Lieutenant of the Oxford Police Department. He is sued in both his individual
and official capacities. Defendant Parker personally participated in
constitutional violations against Plaintiff, including the June 2022 detention
based on an expired restraining order.
26. Defendant HILDON SESSUMS is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Captain of the Oxford Police Department. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Sessums engaged in interstate
coordination to continue harassment of Plaintiff after his relocation to Utah.
27. Defendant PAT PATTERSON was, at times relevant to this Complaint, the Mayor
of Oxford, Mississippi. He is sued in both his individual and former official
capacities. Defendant Patterson personally participated in constitutional
violations against Plaintiff, including unlawfully ejecting Plaintiff from a public
meeting for protected speech.
28. Defendant WILLIAM OSTEEN is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
an Officer of the Galveston Police Department in Texas. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Osteen personally participated in
the August 2023 unlawful arrest and detention of Plaintiff in Galveston, Texas,
as part of the interstate extension of the racketeering enterprise.
29. Defendant RILEY RICHUMS is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Lieutenant of the Layton Police Department in Utah. He is sued
in both his individual and official capacities. Defendant Richums disseminated
Plaintiff's personal information to 139 law enforcement employees as part of
the interstate extension of the racketeering enterprise.
30. Defendants UNIDENTIFIED FBI AGENTS 1-5 are agents of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation who denied Plaintiff the ability to submit evidence of civil
rights violations unless he submitted to unconstitutional conditions, and who
threatened Plaintiff with arrest for engaging in constitutionally protected
recording in a public space at the FBI office in Salt Lake City. They are sued in
their individual capacities.
Judicial Defendants
31. Defendant MICKEY AVENT is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
a Justice Court Judge in Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Avent signed a procedurally
defective restraining order against Plaintiff without requiring the security bond
mandated by Mississippi Rule of Civil Procedure 65.
32. Defendant CAROLYN BELL is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, a
Justice Court Judge in Lafayette County, Mississippi. She is sued in both her
individual and official capacities. Defendant Bell imposed excessive bail and
refused to allow Plaintiff to present exculpatory evidence during his initial
appearance on May 30, 2017.
33. Defendant GLENN ALDERSON is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Judge in Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Alderson imposed a prior restraint
on Plaintiff's speech by threatening arrest if Plaintiff attended a City Hall
meeting, despite the absence of any legal basis for such a restriction.
34. Defendant LAWRENCE LITTLE is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Chancery Court Judge in Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued
in both his individual and official capacities. Defendant Little signed an order
for Plaintiff's commitment in February 2022 despite having received Plaintiff's
formal complaint against Communicare the previous day, creating a clear
conflict of interest.
35. Defendant JOHN KELLY LUTHER is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Circuit Court Judge in Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued
in both his individual and official capacities. Defendant Luther was assigned to
Plaintiff's case after irregular manipulation of the judicial assignment process.
36. Defendant ANDREW HOWORTH is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a Circuit Court Judge in Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued
in both his individual and official capacities. Defendant Howorth participated
in the pattern of judicial misconduct against Plaintiff.
37. Defendant KENT SMITH is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, a
Circuit Court Judge in Lafayette County, Mississippi. He is sued in both his
individual and official capacities. Defendant Smith revoked Plaintiff's bond
entirely during a June 2022 hearing and ordered a mental health examination
as part of the pattern of weaponizing mental health against
Plaintiff.
Prosecutorial Defendants
38. Defendant TIFFANY KILPATRICK is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, an Assistant District Attorney in Lafayette County, Mississippi.
She is sued in both her individual and official capacities. Defendant Kilpatrick
moved to revoke Plaintiff's bond entirely during a June 2022 hearing,
continuing the pattern of excessive pretrial detention.
Court System Defendants
39. Defendant JEFF BUSBY is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint, the
Lafayette County Circuit Clerk. He is sued in both his individual and official
capacities. Defendant Busby participated in or had knowledge of the
manipulation of court records regarding judicial assignments and instructed
staff not to answer Plaintiff's questions about these irregularities.
40. Defendant CHYNA SINERVO is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
a Deputy Circuit Clerk in Lafayette County, Mississippi. She is sued in both her
individual and official capacities. Defendant Sinervo provided information
about judicial assignments that was subsequently contradicted by altered
records.
Mental Health System Defendants
41. Defendant COMMUNICARE, INC. is a Mississippi corporation that provides
mental health services in Lafayette County and surrounding areas.
Communicare acted through its employees and agents, including Defendants
Rogers, Alcorn, and Beard, to violate Plaintiff's constitutional rights through
fraudulent civil commitments.
42. Defendant SANDY ROGERS is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
the Executive Director of Communicare. She is sued in both her individual and
official capacities. Defendant Rogers oversaw and failed to prevent the
weaponization of Communicare's commitment process against
Plaintiff.
43. Defendant RACHEL ALCORN is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
an employee of Communicare. She is sued in both her individual and official
capacities. Defendant Alcorn filed a fraudulent affidavit in December 2021
seeking Plaintiff's commitment based solely on information provided by
Sheriff East, and later admitted this fact to Plaintiff in a recorded conversation.
44. Defendant SUSAN BEARD is and was, at all times relevant to this Complaint,
an employee of Communicare. She is sued in both her individual and official
capacities. Defendant Beard filed a fraudulent affidavit in February 2022
seeking Plaintiff's commitment based on his failure to attend an appointment,
one day after Plaintiff had filed a formal complaint against Communicare.
Legal Representation Defendants
45. Defendant BRENNAN HORAN is an attorney who was retained to represent
Plaintiff but instead acted to further the enterprise's goals by pressuring
Plaintiff to accept a coerced plea agreement while failing to pursue
exculpatory evidence. Defendant Horan had connections to Rhea Tannehill,
creating an undisclosed conflict of interest.
46. Defendant MITCHELL DRISKELL is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, a public defender in Lafayette County who was assigned to
represent Plaintiff. Defendant Driskell left his position of 22 years to join Rhea
Tannehill's law firm during his representation of Plaintiff, creating an
undisclosed conflict of interest. Defendant Driskell collected information
about Plaintiff's wife's employment that was later used in the enterprise's
pressure campaign.
47. Defendant MARK MCCLINTON is an attorney who was appointed to represent
Plaintiff after Driskell's replacement. Defendant McClinton failed to provide
effective assistance of counsel as part of the pattern of coordinated legal
manipulation.
48. Defendant T.R. TROUT is an attorney who was appointed to represent
Plaintiff in restraining order proceedings but was mysteriously absent when
Brennan Horan appeared in his place to pressure Plaintiff into accepting the
permanent restraining order.
49. Defendant CHRISTI MCCOY is an attorney with the Earlene Gardner Victims
Assistance Project who represented Phyllis Crowder using Department of
Justice victim advocacy funds despite Crowder being the perpetrator of false
reports rather than a victim.
50. Defendant MONA PITTMAN is an attorney who represented Phyllis Crowder
in both family court and criminal proceedings against Plaintiff, participating in
the coordinated legal campaign against Plaintiff.
Private Individual Defendants
51. Defendant ROBYN TANNEHILL is and was, at all times relevant to this
Complaint, the Mayor of Oxford, Mississippi. She is sued in both her individual
and official capacities. Defendant Tannehill initiated a fraudulent restraining
order against Plaintiff in 2017 that was later used as the basis for felony
charges in 2022, despite the restraining order having expired.
52. Defendant RHEA TANNEHILL is an attorney and the husband of Robyn
Tannehill. Defendant Rhea Tannehill participated in the fraudulent restraining
order proceedings, threatened to "bash [Plaintiff's] head in" while Plaintiff was
in restraints, and was implicated by Phyllis Crowder in the orchestration of
false allegations against Plaintiff.
53. Defendant TODD LYNCH is an individual who, along with his wife Ashley Lynch,
owns Frank & Marlee's in Oxford, Mississippi. Defendant Todd Lynch
participated in the fabrication of criminal allegations against Plaintiff, claiming
Plaintiff had threatened him with an AR-15 rifle before Plaintiff had even
purchased such a weapon.
54. Defendant ASHLEY LYNCH is an individual who, along with her husband
Todd Lynch, owns Frank & Marlee's in Oxford, Mississippi. Defendant Ashley
Lynch participated in the fabrication of criminal allegations against Plaintiff
and deliberately provoked Plaintiff by throwing away food he had purchased.
55. Defendant FRANK & MARLEE'S is a business establishment in Oxford,
Mississippi, owned by Todd and Ashley Lynch. The business participated in the
racketeering enterprise through its owners' actions against Plaintiff.
56. Defendant PHYLLIS "LIZ" CROWDER is Plaintiff's ex-girlfriend and the mother
of Plaintiff's daughter. Defendant Crowder participated in the racketeering
enterprise through multiple false allegations against Plaintiff, including a false
rape accusation for which she was later convicted of filing a false report.
Defendant Crowder systematically manipulated family court proceedings to
deny Plaintiff access to his daughter for over a year while continuing to collect
child support.
57. Defendant UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS MEDICAL BRANCH ("UTMB") is a Texas
educational institution that operates hospitals in Galveston, Texas. UTMB
participated in the racketeering enterprise by performing a nonconsensual
blood draw on Plaintiff as part of his wrongful detention in Galveston.
58. Defendants JOHN/JANE DOES 1-25 are individuals whose identities are
currently unknown but who participated in the racketeering enterprise alleged
herein. These individuals will be identified through discovery and added as
named defendants.
FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS
A. The Enterprise's Genesis: Retaliation for Constitutional Activism (May-
December 2017)
59. On May 1, 2017, Plaintiff engaged in constitutionally protected activity by
standing peacefully on the grounds of the Lafayette County Courthouse while
holding a Mississippi state flag to protest Oxford city officials' unilateral
decision to remove the flag from municipal properties despite a 2001
referendum in which Mississippi voters had chosen to keep the flag.
60. Plaintiff was lawfully carrying a firearm pursuant to Mississippi's open carry
laws and was standing silently without signs, chanting, or other disruptive
activities.
61. Defendant Pruitt approached Plaintiff and demanded, "You got a permit?"
When Plaintiff responded by citing his First Amendment rights, Defendant
Pruitt repeated his demand for a permit.
62. When Plaintiff explained that he did not need a permit to stand peacefully on
public property, Defendant Pruitt threatened, "If you don't leave, you're going
to jail," and began counting to three.
63. As Plaintiff began to walk away before the count of three, he turned back to
ask for Defendant Pruitt's badge number—a constitutionally protected
request for information from a public official.
64. Defendant Pruitt immediately arrested Plaintiff for "disorderly conduct,"
explicitly stating in his report that the arrest was made because Plaintiff
"started walking away, but then turned back to ask for my badge number."
65. Multiple officers converged on the scene, using excessive force to press
Plaintiff's face into the pavement despite his lack of resistance.
66. Plaintiff was transported to the Lafayette County Detention Center, where his
firearm was confiscated without legal basis. No Miranda rights were read, and
the charging documents confirmed that the arrest was based solely on
Plaintiff's constitutionally protected request for a badge number.
67. On May 16, 2017, Plaintiff attended an Oxford Board of Aldermen meeting
after properly signing up to speak during the public comments portion. His
intention was to address the Board regarding their unilateral decision to
remove the Mississippi state flag without public input.
68. When Plaintiff rose to speak, Defendant Patterson falsely claimed Plaintiff had
not signed up in advance, despite records showing he had followed proper
procedure.
69. When Plaintiff attempted to speak anyway, Defendant Patterson abruptly
adjourned the entire public comments section rather than allow Plaintiff's
speech.
70. As officials began filing out, Plaintiff called them "Cultural Marxists" for their
willingness to erase history and suppress dissent.
71. Defendant Patterson ordered Plaintiff to leave the building immediately for
this constitutionally protected political speech.
72. On May 19, 2017, Plaintiff visited Frank & Marlee's, owned by Defendants Todd
and Ashley Lynch. When Plaintiff attempted to reconcile with Ashley Lynch
over a previous disagreement, she refused, took the food Plaintiff had already
paid for, and deliberately threw it in the trash.
73. When Plaintiff requested a refund, Ashley Lynch refused. Plaintiff left the
establishment and recorded a Facebook Live video calling for a boycott of the
business—a constitutionally protected expression of consumer dissatisfaction.
74. On May 20, 2017, Plaintiff purchased an AR-15 rifle from a private seller
through Armslist, documenting the transaction with a bill of sale dated May
20, 2017.
75. On May 22, 2017, Plaintiff received a temporary restraining order filed by
Defendants Robyn and Rhea Tannehill. The restraining order claimed Plaintiff
had harassed and threatened the Tannehills with a firearm, despite the fact
that Plaintiff had never directly contacted either Tannehill, never approached
their home or offices, and never sent messages or made calls to them.
76. The timing of the restraining order—filed less than two weeks before the June
6 Board of Aldermen meeting where Plaintiff planned to speak about the flag
removal—revealed its true purpose: to silence political speech at a crucial
moment and prevent Plaintiff from addressing officials about their decisions.
77. The restraining order violated Mississippi Rule of Civil Procedure 65, which
requires payment of a security bond. The Tannehills never paid this bond,
rendering the restraining order procedurally defective from inception.
Nevertheless, Defendant Avent signed the order anyway.
78. The Tannehills' claims of threats involving firearms were directly contradicted
by existing police reports, including one filed after Plaintiff had peacefully
walked around the courthouse square with his legally owned rifle, which
explicitly stated that Plaintiff was "not a threat."
79. On May 24, 2017, Plaintiff met with Assistant U.S. Attorney Bob Norman and
subsequently with FBI agents to report the civil rights violations he was
experiencing. Despite appearing to take his evidence seriously, no federal
action was taken to address the systematic violations of his constitutional
rights.
80. On May 26, 2017, Plaintiff was ambushed in a parking lot by Defendants East,
Mills, Bundren, and others, who forcibly removed him from his vehicle,
slammed him face-first onto the pavement, and arrested him without
announcing the charges or reading Miranda warnings.
81. At the Lafayette County Detention Center, Plaintiff was informed he was being
charged with aggravated stalking, with the alleged victims being Todd and
Ashley Lynch. The charging documents claimed Plaintiff had threatened the
Lynches with an AR-15 rifle "on or before May 8, 2017."
82. This charge was demonstrably false, as Plaintiff had not purchased the AR15
rifle until May 20, 2017—twelve days after he allegedly used it to threaten the
Lynches. Plaintiff possessed the dated bill of sale proving this chronological
impossibility.
83. On May 30, 2017, Plaintiff appeared before Defendant Bell for his initial
appearance on the aggravated stalking charge. Defendant Bell refused to
allow Plaintiff to present the exculpatory evidence (the bill of sale) that proved
he could not have committed the alleged offense.
84. When Plaintiff attempted to present this evidence, Defendant Bell cut him off
multiple times, advising him of his right to remain silent. When Plaintiff
explicitly stated he was not exercising that right and had exculpatory evidence,
Defendant Bell still refused to consider it.
85. Without allowing Plaintiff to present evidence, considering his lack of criminal
history, or providing any legitimate justification, Defendant Bell imposed a
$150,000 bond—an astronomical figure for a first-time offender with proof of
innocence that far exceeded the established maximum for the alleged offense
under the Mississippi Rules of Criminal Procedure.
86. Later that same day, Plaintiff was brought before Defendant Alderson for a
hearing on the Tannehills' restraining order petition. Plaintiff appeared in jail
clothes, shackled at wrists, waist, and ankles, facing an intimidating display of
attorneys from the Tannehill Law Firm and the Tannehills' children dressed
formally.
87. Plaintiff requested a continuance due to lack of legal representation, which
Defendant Alderson granted to June 5. However, as Plaintiff was being led
from the courtroom, Rhea Tannehill raised concerns to Defendant Alderson
about Plaintiff potentially speaking at Oxford City Hall on June 6.
88. Defendant Alderson declared that if Plaintiff appeared at City Hall to speak, he
would be arrested on sight for trespassing—an unconstitutional prior restraint
on political speech imposed without hearing, evidence, or legal justification.
89. In the hallway outside the courtroom, according to a sheriff's department
report filed by Defendant Hill, Rhea Tannehill threatened, "I'm gonna bash your
head in," and charged toward Plaintiff while Plaintiff was in restraints.
Defendant Hill physically restrained Tannehill against the wall to prevent this
assault.
90. Despite this documented assault attempt against a restrained prisoner, no
charges were filed against Rhea Tannehill, no protective order was issued
against him, and no bond conditions were imposed to ensure public safety —
in stark contrast to the treatment Plaintiff received for his peaceful and
protected activities.
91. On June 15, 2017, Plaintiff was brought to Chancery Court for continuation of
the hearing on the Tannehills' restraining order. Defendant Trout, the court-
appointed attorney who was supposed to represent Plaintiff, was mysteriously
absent.
92. Instead, Defendant Horan—who had been hired specifically for the felony
case—appeared in Trout's place. Horan led Plaintiff into a side room and
pressured him to accept a permanent restraining order, stating: "If you agree
to a permanent restraining order and don't contest it, it'll help the felony
charge go away. And you'll get out of jail."
93. When Plaintiff explained that he wanted to fight both cases based on the
exculpatory evidence, Horan dismissed this approach, stating: "You're not
getting out otherwise."
94. On July 6, 2017, after weeks more detention, Plaintiff was brought before
Circuit Court. Instead of presenting the exculpatory evidence, Defendant
Horan delivered an ultimatum: "The system wants to get you. If you don't take
this deal, they will fabricate more charges. They will send you to Parchman for
a long time."
95. The coerced plea agreement included: Five years of supervised
probation
Five years banishment from Lafayette County
A signed agreement not to sue the City of Oxford, Lafayette County, or any
official involved in this arrest or any event leading up to it
Forfeiture of legally owned firearms and bulletproof vest
96. Under extreme duress, isolated from support, denied adequate legal
representation, and facing the threat of decades in Mississippi's notoriously
brutal state penitentiary based on fabricated charges, Plaintiff signed the
agreement.
B. The False Rape Accusation and Weaponization of Family Court (2018-2020)
97. In 2018, as Plaintiff attempted to rebuild his life after being exiled from
Lafayette County, Defendant Crowder fabricated a rape allegation against
him—a claim that was not just false but chronologically impossible, as they
had been separated for years with no ongoing intimate relationship.
98. The Olive Branch Police Department launched an investigation without
questioning Crowder's history of fabrications, seeking corroboration, or
evaluating the plausibility of her narrative. They simply accepted her
accusation at face value.
99. Plaintiff provided exculpatory evidence in the form of text messages, emails,
and call logs that conclusively disproved Crowder's allegations.
100. When Plaintiff provided this evidence, investigators obtained a search
warrant—not to find evidence supporting Crowder's claims, but to verify that
the exonerating evidence Plaintiff had presented was authentic,
demonstrating the asymmetrical scrutiny applied to evidence of innocence
versus accusations of guilt.
101. Eventually, the case collapsed under the weight of its contradictions and
impossibilities. Crowder's story could not withstand scrutiny, and even biased
investigators couldn't construct a viable case from thoroughly discredited
claims.
102. In 2020, Crowder was charged with filing a false report. She pled "No Contest"
in October 2020 and received minimal consequences—a stark contrast to the
treatment Plaintiff received based on fabricated charges.
103. When Plaintiff went to the courthouse to request records that proved his
innocence, he stated to the judge: "She falsely accused me of rape. If you let
her off the hook, you're creating a monster." For these words—an accurate
description of what had occurred—Plaintiff was charged with contempt of
court.
104. Throughout this period, Crowder systematically used false allegations to
separate Plaintiff from his daughter, Lydia. She told Child Protective Services
(CPS) that Plaintiff was a danger to his daughter and claimed CPS had
instructed her not to allow him contact with his child.
105. When Plaintiff contacted CPS directly, they confirmed that Crowder was lying
and had never been given such instructions. Yet despite CPS confirming that
Crowder was violating the law by denying Plaintiff access to his child, he
couldn't secure enforcement of his parental rights due to court system delays
exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic.
106. This systematic denial of access continued for over a year, during which
Plaintiff was still required to provide $600 monthly in child support to
Crowder—creating the perverse situation where he was financially supporting
a child he was unlawfully prevented from seeing or contacting.
C. The December 2020 Arrest and Retaliatory Pattern
107. In December 2020, Plaintiff discovered that Crowder had been invoking the
Department of Child Services (DCS) authority to prevent him from seeing his
child. When Plaintiff contacted DCS, they confirmed that no such restrictions
had been issued and explicitly directed him to take this matter to Sheriff East.
108. On December 27, 2020, Plaintiff sent a formal email to Defendant East
outlining the situation and requesting investigation of Crowder for criminal
conspiracy based on her pattern of knowingly false statements that were
effectively "systemic kidnapping" of his child.
109. Plaintiff received an automated "Read Receipt" confirmation that Defendant
East had opened his email at 4:36 PM that Sunday afternoon, but no
substantive response followed.
110. On December 28, 2020, after receiving no response, Plaintiff sent a followup
message expressing frustration at 4:32 PM. Again, a "Read Receipt" confirmed
Defendant East had viewed this message at 4:54 PM, but no reply came.
111. At 5:06 PM, Plaintiff sent a final email stating he would wait outside the
Sheriff's Department until he received an answer: "I can sit out here all night
until I get an answer. I've got nothing but time and I'm royally pissed off. I've
done NOTHING wrong and this unfair shit needs to be handled. I'm parked
next to your truck."
112. Defendant East viewed this message at 5:12 PM but did not respond either by
email, phone, or in person despite being present in the building and aware of
Plaintiff's location just outside.
113. Plaintiff drove to the Lafayette County Sheriff's Office and parked beside
Sheriff East's reserved spot, intending to secure acknowledgment and action
regarding his legitimate concerns about his child.
114. Defendants Dixon and Ahmed approached Plaintiff, with Dixon immediately
demanding: "You need to move your car."
115. Plaintiff responded that he would "happily move it once I speak with the
Sheriff," explaining that he had been trying to reach him through proper
channels for weeks and that DCS had specifically directed him to address this
matter with Sheriff East.
116. Dixon threatened: "You need to move it now, or you'll be arrested for
Disorderly Conduct."
117. As Plaintiff began to explain that he was engaged in constitutionally protected
petitioning of government while simultaneously reaching for his keys to
comply, Dixon declared: "You're under arrest," and forcefully threw Plaintiff to
the ground, causing his head to strike the pavement and his phone to be
knocked away.
118. Despite Dixon later claiming in his official report that Plaintiff had said "No"
three separate times—ostensibly constituting resistance—an audio recording
from Plaintiff's shirt pocket definitively proved this assertion false. Plaintiff had
never once uttered that word during their brief exchange.
119. A crowd of deputies gathered, including Defendant East himself, who stood
watching the proceedings "like a spectator at a sporting event" rather than
intervening or addressing Plaintiff's legitimate concerns.
120. Plaintiff was transported inside the detention center and subjected to the
indignity of being secured in a restraint chair for over an hour, despite never
physically resisting.
121. The following day, Plaintiff's bond was set at $500, but when his spouse and a
bondsman arrived to secure his release between 5:00 and 6:00 PM, they were
turned away. They were informed that Sheriff East was personally invoking a
"special authority" to sign off on his bond—but would only do so after
personally speaking with Plaintiff the following day, an extraordinary and
legally dubious maneuver that extended Plaintiff's detention by an additional
24 hours.
122. On December 30, 2021, Sheriff East arranged for Plaintiff to be brought to an
interview room, where he delivered what amounted to a lecture on Plaintiff's
"tactics and assertiveness" rather than addressing the legitimate grievances
that had prompted Plaintiff's visit.
123. Plaintiff was eventually released with charging documents for Disorderly
Conduct and Resisting Arrest—charges that the audio recording would prove
completely unfounded.
D. The February 2021 DUI Setup
124. On February 21, 2021, at approximately 3:00 AM, Plaintiff was driving home
with his wife, who had just finished her hospital shift, when Defendants Beavers
and Williford initiated a traffic stop, purportedly for an expired tag and
improper equipment.
125. Defendant Beavers claimed she detected the scent of marijuana coming from
Plaintiff's vehicle, though she later admitted under oath that the alleged odor
was not detected on Plaintiff's person or clothes but supposedly emanated
only from the vehicle itself.
126. Based solely on this claimed odor, Beavers initiated a DUI investigation. Rather
than conducting standard field sobriety tests at the scene—as required by
normal and legally mandated procedure—Beavers ordered Plaintiff to be
transported away from the scene to the Lafayette County Jail.
127. Plaintiff explicitly stated: "I'm not giving consent to be transported away from
the scene," understanding that removal from the stop location without
consent or probable cause constituted an unlawful detention.
128. Despite this explicit statement, Supervisor John Dukes arrived and ordered
Plaintiff's transport to the jail for testing, justifying this deviation from standard
procedure with claims about snow and ice on the ground, though footage
would later show cleared areas where tests could have been safely
administered.
129. At the jail, Plaintiff informed Defendant Beavers about a previous motorcycle
accident that had caused a knee injury, which would affect his ability to
perform certain physical tests—information that was acknowledged but
effectively ignored in Beavers' subsequent assessment.
130. Plaintiff was subjected to a series of field sobriety tests under the watchful eye
of a security camera positioned on the wall directly in front of the testing
area—footage that would later be mysteriously "lost" despite specific requests
during discovery.
131. During testing, Plaintiff passed the horizontal gaze nystagmus test—a key
indicator for various forms of intoxication—and successfully performed other
tests that would typically indicate sobriety, especially for marijuana
impairment.
132. When instructed to walk a straight line, Plaintiff completed the walk without
difficulty but executed what Defendant Beavers would later describe as a
"military-style about-face turn" rather than the unusual nine-point turn she
had requested.
133. Despite having previously informed the deputy about his knee injury, Plaintiff's
inability to maintain one-legged balance indefinitely was cited as evidence of
impairment.
134. The final piece of "evidence" presented was a claim that Plaintiff's eyes
appeared "slightly red"—a condition equally attributable to the late hour (3:00
AM) and the stress of the confrontation.
135. Based on these dubious indicators, Defendant Beavers arrested Plaintiff for
"DUI-other," suggesting impairment by a substance other than alcohol,
despite: - No observation of impaired driving - Plaintiff passing multiple field
sobriety tests - No detection of marijuana odor on his person - No discovery
of any illegal substances or paraphernalia in his vehicle
136. Most tellingly, despite Plaintiff's vehicle supposedly being the source of the
marijuana odor that initiated the entire investigation, Defendant Williford
allowed Plaintiff's wife to drive the same vehicle home from the scene—a
decision that fundamentally contradicted the premise of the stop.
137. During subsequent trial testimony, neither deputy could provide a coherent
explanation for this inconsistency, further suggesting that the purported
marijuana odor was a pretext rather than a genuine concern.
138. During discovery and trial testimony, it became clear that crucial video
evidence from the jail—footage that would have shown exactly how Plaintiff
performed on the field sobriety tests—had not been preserved despite specific
requests for this evidence.
139. When questioned about the whereabouts of this critical video during the
November 2021 trial, Defendants Beavers and Williford claimed ignorance,
stating it was "above their pay grade" to explain why requested evidence had
not been preserved.
140. Defendant East, when later questioned about the missing footage, claimed he
wasn't "100% sure" where it was, but acknowledged it was "gone forever" as
it had not been preserved.
141. The contrast between the handling of different video evidence was stark: East
and his department had somehow managed to preserve surveillance footage
from the front of the Sheriff's Department related to Plaintiff's
December 2020 arrest but failed to preserve the footage from the sally port that
would have shown the February 2021 field sobriety test administration.
E. The Drone Incident and Police Harassment (September 2021)
142. On September 29, 2021, Plaintiff was engaging in the innocent activity of flying
a drone with his stepdaughter to photograph the American flag at the Justice
Court building in Oxford when the drone accidentally clipped the building's
edge and crash-landed.
143. As Plaintiff and his stepdaughter retrieved the drone, Defendants Mills,
Dixon, and other officers from Lafayette County Sheriff's Department and
Oxford Police Department arrived in what appeared to be a coordinated and
excessive response to a simple drone accident.
144. Plaintiff's seven-year-old stepdaughter, upon seeing the officers approach,
asked in fear: "Mr. Matt, are those police officers going to shoot you?"—a
question revealing the visible hostility these encounters had taken on and the
psychological impact on innocent children witnessing the targeting of
Plaintiff.
145. Defendant Mills aggressively questioned Plaintiff about his press credentials
and drone license, pressing for personal information beyond what was
necessary for any legitimate law enforcement purpose.
146. When officers demanded Plaintiff's physical home address instead of
accepting his PO Box, Plaintiff declined, having reasonable concerns that this
information would find its way to Defendant Crowder, who had been seeking
his physical address.
147. After approximately 20-30 minutes of questioning—well beyond the time
permitted for a Terry Stop with no reasonable suspicion of criminal activity —
Plaintiff stated that they had exhausted their legal authority to detain him and
that he would be leaving.
148. As Plaintiff departed, Defendant Mills threatened that they would be referring
the matter to the U.S. Attorney's Office for investigation and potential
prosecution—a threat that appears to have been empty intimidation rather
than a genuine legal concern.
149. The following day, Plaintiff submitted a public records request to the County
Administrator, seeking the officer reports from every deputy present at the
incident, as well as the body camera footage from Defendant Dixon.
150. The county refused to provide these requested items, citing an ongoing
"investigation" by the U.S. Attorney's Office—an investigation that, to
Plaintiff's knowledge, remains conveniently "open" to this day, serving as an
excuse to withhold public records that might reveal the true nature of the
encounter.
F. The November 2021 Trial and Selective Verdicts
151. On November 4, 2021, Plaintiff arrived at Lafayette County Justice Court to
face trial on nine separate charges that had accumulated over the past year —
some originating from the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department, others from
Defendant Crowder.
152. Plaintiff's attorney, Defendant Driskell, the public defender assigned to his
case, presented several preliminary motions at Plaintiff's request: a motion to
provide camera coverage with press credentials attached, a motion for the
court to take judicial notice of discovery documentation from Crowder's false
rape accusation case, and an open court declaration of an EnglandJennings
reservation to preserve Plaintiff's right to exhaust matters in both state and
federal courts.
153. Unusually for a Justice Court trial, a court reporter was present—suggesting
that authorities anticipated this trial might receive scrutiny beyond typical
proceedings.
154. During testimony on the February 2021 DUI case, Defendants Beavers and
Williford provided contradictory and implausible accounts of the arrest,
admitting there were no signs of impaired driving that prompted the stop and
acknowledging that standard field sobriety protocols were not followed.
155. When questioned about the missing video evidence from the jail that would
have shown Plaintiff's performance on the field sobriety tests, both deputies
claimed it was "above their pay grade" to explain why this crucial evidence had
not been preserved.
156. During testimony on the December 2020 disorderly conduct and resisting
arrest charges, Defendants Dixon and Tidwell's claims in their written reports
that Plaintiff had said "no" three separate times were directly contradicted by
the audio recording Plaintiff played in court, which clearly demonstrated he
had never uttered that word.
157. Defendant East testified that he could not recall the content of emails Plaintiff
had sent regarding serious concerns about his child, claimed he walked to the
back of his vehicle to wait for Plaintiff to approach him—a claim directly
contradicted by surveillance video showing him quickly entering the building
through a side door to evade contact—and described hearing what sounded
like a "female being assaulted" in the parking lot while looking down at his
weapon as he made this statement.
158. When questioned about missing camera videos that had been requested
during discovery, Defendant East acknowledged that he wasn't "100% sure"
where they were and admitted they were "gone forever" as they had not been
preserved.
159. Judge Childers delayed issuing his verdicts until nearly three weeks later, just
before Thanksgiving 2021.
160. The pattern of verdicts revealed the coordinated nature of the prosecution:
Plaintiff was found guilty on all charges brought by the Lafayette County
Sheriff's Department (disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, DUI-other, improper
equipment, expired tag) and not guilty on all charges brought by Defendant
Crowder—a pattern suggesting that charges useful to the county's narrative
resulted in convictions regardless of evidence, while charges no longer useful
were dismissed.
161. Plaintiff immediately notified the Justice Court of his intent to appeal de novo
to Lafayette County Circuit Court, citing perjured testimony, deprivation of due
process through withholding of exculpatory evidence, and insufficient
evidence to support the convictions.
G. The First Wrongful Commitment (December 2021)
162. On December 3, 2021, Plaintiff filed his appeal to Lafayette County Circuit
Court. Without an attorney to represent him after Defendant Driskell
stepped down, Plaintiff navigated the complex legal system alone, filing an
MRCP Rule 59 motion seeking either a new trial or dismissal based on the
numerous procedural irregularities in the November proceedings.
163. When Plaintiff submitted these documents at the Circuit Clerk's office,
Defendant Sinervo informed him that his case had been assigned to Judge
Kentsmith through a random algorithm designed to ensure fairness in judicial
assignments—a conversation Plaintiff recorded for his own protection.
164. Three days later, on December 6, Plaintiff discovered that the assigned judge
had been changed from Judge Kentsmith to Defendant Luther without
explanation or notification—the second time this exact manipulation had
occurred with Plaintiff's cases in Lafayette County Circuit Court over the past
year and a half.
165. When Plaintiff went to the Circuit Court to inquire about this change,
Defendant Sinervo claimed she couldn't recall telling him just three days
earlier that Judge Kentsmith had been assigned to his case.
166. Before Plaintiff could press further, Defendant Busby emerged from the back
office and instructed all clerks not to answer any of Plaintiff's questions. When
Plaintiff asked Busby directly if he had ever witnessed records being changed
regarding assigned judges, he flatly denied it and refused to engage further.
167. As Plaintiff left the Circuit Clerk's office, he noticed Defendant Busby on his
phone. By the time Plaintiff reached his vehicle in the parking lot, Defendant
East's patrol car pulled in behind him, blocking him from leaving.
168. Defendant East approached Plaintiff's window and informed him that he had
received a call about Plaintiff "disturbing their business" at the Circuit Clerk's
office—revealing the coordination between Busby and East in real time.
169. When Plaintiff explained that all he had done was ask questions, Defendant
East responded, "Well, that's disturbing their business," and ordered Plaintiff
not to return to the clerk's office unless he had something necessary to file —
an unconstitutional restriction on Plaintiff's right to access public records and
public officials.
170. The very next day, December 7, 2021, Defendants Quarrels and another deputy
arrived at Plaintiff's home with a writ for commitment signed earlier that day,
ordering Plaintiff to be taken into custody for involuntary mental health
evaluation.
171. The basis for this commitment was an affidavit submitted by Defendant
Alcorn, a supervisor at Communicare. The affidavit claimed Plaintiff "go[es]
into public places recording, [is] paranoid & delusional, provoke[s] people with
[his] minor child, [is] not taking medication, and [is] not seeking medical help."
172. These allegations pathologized constitutionally protected activities:
recording in public places is a form of protected newsgathering, not evidence
of mental illness. The remaining claims were simply fabricated with no factual
basis whatsoever.
173. On December 9, 2021, Plaintiff was transported to North Mississippi State
Hospital's crisis unit in Tupelo. For two weeks, Plaintiff repeatedly explained to
staff that his commitment was a retaliatory action by Lafayette County officials
because he had discovered evidence of court record manipulation.
174. Plaintiff remained committed until December 23, 2021, when he was finally
discharged with a follow-up appointment scheduled with Communicare— the
very organization that had facilitated his unjust commitment.
175. On December 28, 2021, Plaintiff received a phone call from Defendant Alcorn.
In this recorded conversation, Alcorn made a startling admission: she had been
approached by Sheriff East about Plaintiff's "concerning behavior" at the
courthouse, and this communication was the basis for her filing the affidavit
for commitment.
176. When Plaintiff pressed Alcorn on what factual basis she had relied upon when
making such serious allegations under oath, she admitted that her information
came entirely from Sheriff East—the very official whose deputies had been
caught in false testimony during Plaintiff's trial and who had a clear interest in
preventing Plaintiff from pursuing his appeal.
177. Around December 30, 2021, Plaintiff contacted Assistant U.S. Attorney Bob
Norman to report what he described as "a massive intentional
violation/deprivation of my civil rights." Despite Norman's response that if
Plaintiff's account was accurate, his civil rights had indeed been violated, and
his promise to refer the matter to the Department of Justice Civil Rights
Division, Plaintiff never heard back regarding this referral.
178. In subsequent weeks, Plaintiff contacted Communicare to express concerns
about their procedures and policies. Plaintiff spoke with Defendant Beard, who
advised him to file a formal complaint with Defendant Rogers. Plaintiff
informed Beard that he would be doing exactly that and that he did not feel
comfortable scheduling any appointments with Communicare until his
grievance was addressed.
H. The Second Wrongful Commitment and Premature Birth (February 2022)
179. On February 6, 2022, Plaintiff completed a formal complaint against
Communicare, meticulously documenting multiple violations of Mississippi's
mental health laws and federal case precedents, citing Davidson v.
O'Connor and other relevant legal authority.
180. Plaintiff served this formal complaint on Defendant Rogers, with a copy also
delivered to Defendant Little's chambers, explicitly challenging the legality
of his December commitment and requesting preservation of all related
evidence.
181. Immediately after delivering these documents, Plaintiff went to the Lafayette
County Sheriff's Department to formally request financial disclosures for the
Lafayette County Law Enforcement Officers Association, an organization
established by Defendants East and Mills.
182. On February 7, 2022—just one day after Plaintiff filed his formal complaint
against Communicare and requested financial disclosures from the Sheriff's
Department—Defendant Beard filed another affidavit seeking Plaintiff's
judicial commitment. Her stated reason was that Plaintiff had failed to attend
a scheduled appointment.
183. This affidavit was seconded by Defendant Alcorn and presented to Defendant
Little, the very judge who had received a copy of Plaintiff's complaint against
Communicare the previous day.
184. Despite being fully aware of Plaintiff's formal grievance against the
organization seeking his commitment, Defendant Little immediately signed
the writ ordering Plaintiff's second involuntary commitment in just two
months—a clear conflict of interest and retaliatory action.
185. On February 9, 2022, Plaintiff's wife experienced pregnancy complications and
called Plaintiff for help. At 27 weeks pregnant and considered high-risk due to
diabetes, any complication was cause for serious concern.
186. Plaintiff immediately picked up his wife from work, and they drove to the
hospital in Tupelo for monitoring. After several hours of observation
confirming that their baby's vitals were stable, they were discharged around
11:00 PM.
187. As they turned onto their road close to midnight, a Lafayette County
Sheriff's deputy followed them down their street and into their driveway. As soon
as they parked, the deputy activated his blue lights, creating a chaotic scene that
woke Plaintiff's wife's grandmother, their dogs, and their sleeping children inside
the house.
188. Defendant Quarrels approached with a writ for commitment signed by
Defendant Little for Plaintiff. Understanding the corrupt nature of the
proceedings, Plaintiff refused to cooperate with what was clearly another
retaliatory action.
189. Multiple sheriff's vehicles arrived with lights flashing, with officers parking
haphazardly in the yard, creating a scene that terrified the children watching
from inside.
190. Plaintiff was forcibly taken into custody and transported to the Lafayette
County Detention Center, where he spent the next seven days in solitary
confinement without any due process hearing.
191. On February 17, 2022, Plaintiff was removed from his cell and transported to
East Mississippi State Hospital in Meridian, a facility located 2.5 hours away
from his home and family.
192. Upon arrival, Plaintiff learned devastating news: his wife had been admitted to
the hospital shortly after his forced removal from their home. The stress of
witnessing his unlawful detention had triggered premature labor.
193. The following morning brought even more heartbreaking information:
Plaintiff's wife had delivered their son via emergency C-section after the baby's
vital signs began deteriorating. Their son was born severely premature at 28
weeks gestation, weighing just 2 pounds, 1 ounce, with underdeveloped lungs
requiring immediate ventilator support.
194. In this moment of profound family crisis, with his wife having undergone
emergency surgery and their newborn son fighting for his life, Plaintiff
remained forcibly detained in a psychiatric facility based on transparently
fraudulent grounds.
195. The commitment paperwork filed by the examining physician claimed Plaintiff
was suffering from "Bipolar & delusional" and highlighted as a key factor that
he was "very preoccupied with ongoing legal cases"—effectively
pathologizing his legitimate concern with numerous legal proceedings.
196. For 30 days, Plaintiff was held involuntarily without any medication or
diagnosis until the very end of his stay, when a doctor hastily labeled him with
"bipolar unspecified" and administered an Abilify injection—a transparent
attempt to retroactively justify his commitment.
197. Multiple independent doctors would later confirm Plaintiff had no such
condition, further highlighting the procedural abuses that had occurred.
198. On March 19, 2022, Plaintiff was finally discharged from East Mississippi State
Hospital, returning to a family in crisis: his premature son struggling for life on
machines, his wife recovering from emergency surgery, and his other children
traumatized by the violent removal of their father during a medical emergency.
I. The Federal Lawsuit and Continued Retaliation (April-August 2022)
199. On April 6, 2022, after documenting the pattern of coordinated constitutional
violations he had endured, Plaintiff completed a nearly 80page federal
complaint detailing the systematic abuses perpetrated by Lafayette County
officials and others.
200. Before filing, Plaintiff contacted Assistant U.S. Attorney Bob Norman
again to update him on the latest retaliatory commitment and its
consequences. Norman admitted that despite his December promise to refer
Plaintiff's case to the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division, he had never
done so, stating: "I heard you were going to file a federal lawsuit, and if you
were going to file a federal lawsuit, I wasn't going to refer the matter out."
201. Plaintiff filed his initial complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of Mississippi on April 6, 2022, naming as defendants the State of
Mississippi, Lafayette County, the Lafayette County Sheriff's Department,
Sheriff East, Communicare, Dr. Rogers, and the employees who had facilitated
his fraudulent commitments.
202. As Plaintiff tended to his son's precarious health in the hospital, he refined and
expanded his federal complaint, increasing the damages sought to reflect the
deliberate endangerment of his premature son and family.
203. On June 7, 2022, Plaintiff received notification that the federal judge had
reviewed his complaint and approved it to proceed, ordering the U.S. Marshals
Service to serve all defendants—a significant procedural victory validating the
substantive nature of his allegations.
204. On June 24, 2022, Plaintiff conducted a "First Amendment audit" of Oxford
City Hall—a recognized form of citizen journalism designed to test public
officials' respect for constitutional rights. Plaintiff simply documented the
inside of the public building with his camera and planned to request public
records from the City Clerk.
205. Defendant Parker approached Plaintiff, claiming he was being detained
because Mayor Tannehill allegedly had a restraining order against him from
2017—five years earlier—that Parker claimed was still active, despite the fact
that it had never been renewed and had long since expired.
206. Defendants Parker and Lyons warned Plaintiff that if he returned to City Hall,
he would be arrested for trespassing in violation of the supposed restraining
order. Despite explaining the constitutional issues with their position, Plaintiff
complied and left rather than risking immediate arrest.
207. Defendant McCutchen referred the incident to the Mississippi Bureau of
Investigation, which returned with a felony charge of aggravated stalking,
citing Plaintiff's First Amendment audit and tweets he had posted a year earlier
during Tannehill's re-election campaign as evidence of a "course of conduct"
directed at the mayor.
208. On June 28, 2022, as Plaintiff walked into Lafayette County Chancery Court for
a child custody hearing, Defendant Wilburn informed him he couldn't enter
with recording devices per the judge's orders, then produced an arrest warrant
for aggravated stalking stemming from Plaintiff's visit to City Hall four days
earlier.
209. Plaintiff was brought before Defendant Smith, who set bail at $10,000.
However, Defendant Kilpatrick immediately moved to revoke Plaintiff's bond
altogether. Defendant Smith granted this motion, ordering Plaintiff to be held
without bond.
210. Defendant Smith further ordered a mental health examination and
competency hearing, continuing the pattern of weaponizing the mental health
system against Plaintiff.
211. Plaintiff's initially assigned public defender, Defendant Driskell, was
mysteriously replaced with Defendant McClinton from New Albany, without
explanation and in violation of standard practice.
212. Around the third or fourth week of August 2022, while Plaintiff was detained
on a no-bond hold, his wife lost her job. She had been forced to take time off
work to attend their children's doctor appointments and care for their
premature baby—responsibilities she shouldered entirely alone with Plaintiff
behind bars.
213. The timing of this termination coincided with Defendant Driskell's first day of
employment at Defendant Rhea Tannehill's law firm on August 15, 2022, after
leaving his position of 22 years. Plaintiff would later learn that Driskell had
taken detailed notes that included his wife's name, phone number, and place
of employment.
J. The Galveston Arrest and Extended Detention (August 2023July 2024)
214. On August 1, 2023, after serving nine months in prison for a probation
revocation based on Deputy Beavers' testimony that Plaintiff had violated the
terms of his banishment by visiting the FBI office in Oxford (despite having
properly notified the Sheriff's Department beforehand), Plaintiff was finally
released.
215. On August 10, 2023, having learned about serious allegations of misconduct
within the Holly Springs Police Department in Marshall County, Plaintiff
decided to travel to Galveston, Texas, to seek a fresh start away from the
ongoing persecution in Mississippi.
216. At approximately 2:00 AM on August 11, 2023, just as Plaintiff crossed into
Texas, he was pulled over by Defendant Osteen of the Galveston Police
Department. Despite no evidence of intoxication, Osteen claimed Plaintiff was
under the influence.
217. When Plaintiff repeatedly demanded a breathalyzer test to prove his sobriety,
his requests were consistently denied. Instead of administering this standard
field test that would have immediately proven his innocence, Plaintiff was
transported to UTMB Hospital for a blood test.
218. Despite Plaintiff's continued protests and refusal to consent, UTMB staff
forcibly conducted a blood draw—another violation of his constitutional
rights. The arrest was then escalated to a felony DWI charge.
219. What followed was nearly eleven months of incarceration in Galveston on
mere suspicion, without conviction, as Plaintiff awaited a trial that would
never come — mirroring the pattern of excessive pretrial detention he had
experienced in Mississippi.
220. In March 2024, after Plaintiff had already spent over seven months in
detention, the District Attorney's office in Galveston suddenly dropped the
felony charge and recharged the case as a misdemeanor—a tacit
acknowledgment that the felony enhancement had been unjustified from the
beginning.
221. Just as the Galveston case was concluding, Lafayette County authorities arrived
with extradition papers, effectively ensuring Plaintiff's continued
imprisonment as one unjust detention ended and another began.
K. The Utah Harassment Campaign (February-April 2025)
222. On February 1, 2025, after Plaintiff's sentence was vacated through
postconviction relief represented by the MacArthur Justice Center, Plaintiff
relocated to Layton, Utah, seeking a fresh start away from the persecution he
had experienced in Mississippi.
223. On February 3, 2025, just two days after settling into his new home, Plaintiff
conducted a "silent audit"—a peaceful First Amendment activity documenting
how officials respect constitutional rights—outside Zions Bank in Layton.
224. Despite breaking no laws, Plaintiff was approached by law enforcement
officers who questioned his presence and activities, showing the same pattern
of hostility toward constitutionally protected documentation that he had
experienced in Mississippi.
225. Plaintiff submitted a Government Records Access and Management Act
(GRAMA) request to Layton City officials, seeking bodycam footage, 911 calls,
and police reports related to the incident—records legally accessible under
Utah law.
226. Layton officials stonewalled these requests, employing the same tactics of
administrative obstruction that Plaintiff had encountered in Mississippi.
227. Through persistence with his GRAMA requests, Plaintiff discovered that
Defendant Sessums from the Oxford Police Department had somehow
"researched" his new address within hours of his relocation to Layton on
February 5, 2025—an illegal act of doxxing and interstate coordination to
continue the harassment.
228. Even more disturbing, Defendant Richums subsequently disseminated
Plaintiff's personal information, including his address, to 139 law enforcement
employees throughout the Layton Police Department, marking Plaintiff as a
person of interest without any legitimate public safety purpose.
229. On March 31, 2025, Plaintiff filed a federal lawsuit in the United States District
Court for the District of Utah, naming Layton City, specific officials involved in
withholding records, Lieutenant Richums who had distributed his personal
information, and including as co-defendants Captain Sessums and the City of
Oxford for their role in the interstate doxxing operation.
230. On April 2, 2025, Plaintiff attempted to deliver a sworn declaration containing
evidence of the coordination between Mississippi and Utah law enforcement
to the FBI office in Salt Lake City.
231. Upon arrival, FBI agents told Plaintiff he could not submit his sworn declaration
unless he first submitted to a background check—an extraordinary
requirement specifically designed to discourage reporting of official
misconduct.
232. When Plaintiff declined to submit to this background check on constitutional
grounds, the agents became increasingly hostile, making it clear that he would
not be permitted to submit his evidence without complying with their
demands.
233. After leaving the building, Plaintiff began recording a report about what had
occurred from the visitor parking lot—an entirely legal activity in a public
space. Within minutes, two FBI agents approached his vehicle, demanding he
cease recording and threatening him with arrest if he continued.
THE RICO ENTERPRISE
234. The Defendants, collectively and individually, constituted an "enterprise" as
defined by 18 U.S.C. § 1961(4) and engaged in activities affecting interstate
commerce.
235. The enterprise consisted of an association-in-fact of government entities,
officials, and private individuals who shared the common purpose of silencing,
punishing, and destroying Plaintiff for his constitutionally protected speech,
journalism, and challenges to government corruption.
236. The Lafayette County RICO Enterprise began with the initial retaliation against
Plaintiff for his constitutional activism in May 2017 and expanded over time to
include additional participants and interstate operations through 2025.
237. The enterprise operated with a hierarchical structure:
a. Leadership: Defendants East, Mills, Tannehill (Robyn), Tannehill (Rhea),
and others directed operations and coordinated the enterprise's
activities
b. Enforcement: Law enforcement officers including Defendants Pruitt,
Beavers, Williford, Dixon, Tidwell, Ahmed, Quarles, Parker, and
Sessums executed retaliatory arrests and harassment
c. Judicial Enablers: Judges including Defendants Avent, Bell, Alderson,
Little, Luther, Howorth, and Smith provided judicial cover and
legitimacy to unconstitutional actions
d. Mental Health System: Defendants Communicare, Rogers, Alcorn,
and Beard weaponized civil commitment procedures as tools of
political control
e. Legal System Manipulators: Attorneys including Defendants Horan,
Driskell, McClinton, Trout, McCoy, and Pittman undermined proper
legal representation and manipulated proceedings
f. Private Collaborators: Defendants Crowder, Lynch (Todd), Lynch
(Ashley), and Frank & Marlee's filed false allegations and fabricated
evidence to further the enterprise's goals
g. Interstate Collaborators: Defendants Osteen, UTMB, Layton City, and
Richums extended the enterprise's operations across state lines
238. The enterprise functioned through systematic patterns of coordinated activity:
a. Communicating through official and unofficial channels to target Plaintiff b.
Sharing information about Plaintiff's activities, legal strategies, and personal
details c. Coordinating legal actions across multiple forums and jurisdictions
d. Manipulating legal processes to maximize harm to Plaintiff e. Concealing
evidence favorable to Plaintiff f. Fabricating evidence harmful to Plaintiff g.
Using mental health systems as tools of political control h. Extending
operations across state lines to continue persecution
239. The enterprise engaged in interstate commerce through: a. Use of interstate
communications facilities to coordinate activities b. Interstate travel to execute
portions of the racketeering scheme c. Transferring information and directives
across state lines d. Coordination of law enforcement activities between
Mississippi, Texas, and Utah e. Use of banking and financial systems to support
enterprise activities
PATTERN OF RACKETEERING ACTIVITY
240. The Defendants engaged in a "pattern of racketeering activity" as defined by
18 U.S.C. § 1961(5) through multiple related acts of racketeering that occurred
over a period of approximately eight years and that manifested common
purposes, results, participants, victims, and methods of commission.
241. The pattern demonstrated both "relatedness" and "continuity" as required
under H.J. Inc. v. Northwestern Bell Telephone Co., 492 U.S. 229 (1989), with
the predicate acts sharing similar purposes, participants, victims, methods, and
interrelated character, and continuing over multiple years with the threat of
continued criminal activity.
242. The predicate acts constituting the pattern of racketeering activity included:
A. Obstruction of Justice (18 U.S.C. §§ 1503, 1512)
243. Defendants engaged in multiple acts obstructing, impeding, or endeavoring
to influence, obstruct, or impede the due administration of justice, including:
244. Defendant East and other Defendants systematically "lost" or failed to
preserve exculpatory video evidence, including the field sobriety test footage
from February 2021 and additional camera angles from the December 2020
arrest, while preserving footage that could be selectively edited to support the
prosecution's narrative.
245. Defendants Dixon and Tidwell provided false testimony under oath during the
November 2021 trial, claiming Plaintiff had said "no" three times despite audio
evidence proving this testimony was fabricated.
246. Defendants East, Busby, Sinervo, and others manipulated court records to
change judicial assignments for Plaintiff's cases at least twice, ensuring his
matters would be heard by judges favorable to the prosecution.
247. Defendants East, Alcorn, Beard, Rogers, and Little weaponized civil
commitment procedures to prevent Plaintiff from pursuing his appeal and
exposing court record manipulation, with Defendant Alcorn expressly
admitting in a recorded conversation that she filed the commitment affidavit
based solely on information from Defendant East.
248. Defendants Horan, Driskell, and McClinton engaged in obstruction by
providing ineffective assistance of counsel, failing to present exculpatory
evidence, pressuring Plaintiff to accept coerced plea agreements, and
maintaining undisclosed conflicts of interest.
249. Defendants Busby and East coordinated in real time to prevent Plaintiff from
inquiring about altered court records, with Busby calling East to have Plaintiff
removed from the Circuit Clerk's office for merely asking questions.
250. Defendants Beavers, Williford, and East obstructed justice by fabricating
evidence in the February 2021 DUI case, refusing to administer standard field
sobriety tests that would have immediately established Plaintiff's innocence,
and later claiming ignorance about missing exculpatory video evidence.
251. Defendants McCutchen, Parker, and others obstructed justice by enforcing an
expired restraining order as the basis for removing Plaintiff from City Hall
during his constitutionally protected First Amendment audit.
B. Witness Tampering (18 U.S.C. § 1512)
252. Defendants engaged in acts that knowingly used intimidation, threats, or
corrupt persuasion with intent to influence, delay, or prevent testimony or
withhold documents or objects from official proceedings, including:
253. Defendant Rhea Tannehill physically threatened Plaintiff while Plaintiff was in
restraints, stating "I'm gonna bash your head in" and charging at Plaintiff,
requiring physical restraint by Defendant Hill—an attempt to intimidate
Plaintiff in connection with ongoing restraining order proceedings.
254. Defendants East, Mills, Dixon, and others engaged in intimidation by arresting
Plaintiff on December 28, 2020, when he attempted to meet with Sheriff East
pursuant to DCS directives regarding his child—an effort to deter him from
pursuing complaints against officials.
255. Defendants Mills, Dixon, and others engaged in intimidation during the
September 2021 drone incident by threatening federal prosecution in an
attempt to deter Plaintiff from documenting their activities and pursuing
records requests.
256. Defendants Alcorn, Beard, Rogers, and Little used the civil commitment
process in December 2021 and February 2022 as a form of witness tampering,
removing Plaintiff from society at key moments when he was uncovering
evidence of official misconduct.
257. Defendants from Layton City, including Richums, engaged in witness
tampering by disseminating Plaintiff's personal information to 139 law
enforcement employees, creating an intimidating environment designed to
deter his documentation of official misconduct.
258. Unidentified FBI Agents engaged in witness tampering by demanding Plaintiff
submit to unconstitutional conditions before being allowed to report civil
rights violations, and by threatening him with arrest for constitutionally
protected recording in a public space.
C. Extortion (18 U.S.C. § 1951)
259. Defendants obtained property and other benefits from Plaintiff by wrongful
use of threatened force, fear, or under color of official right, including:
260. Defendant Horan, acting as part of the enterprise, told Plaintiff: "The system
wants to get you. If you don't take this deal, they will fabricate more charges.
They will send you to Parchman for a long time," using the threat of additional
fabricated charges and lengthy imprisonment to coerce Plaintiff into accepting
a plea agreement that included: - Five years of supervised probation - Five
years banishment from Lafayette County - A signed agreement not to sue the
City of Oxford, Lafayette County, or any official - Forfeiture of legally owned
firearms and bulletproof vest
261. This coerced plea agreement constituted extortion by obtaining valuable
property (Plaintiff's firearms and bulletproof vest), valuable legal rights (his
right to sue for civil rights violations), and his constitutional right to travel and
reside in Lafayette County through threats and fear while acting under color
of official right.
262. Defendants East, Dixon, Tidwell, and others engaged in extortion by seizing
Plaintiff's legally owned firearms without legitimate legal basis after his May 1,
2017 arrest and December 2020 arrest.
263. Defendants Bell, Alderson, and others imposed excessive bail ($150,000 for a
first-time alleged offender with proof of innocence) as a means of extorting
compliance with the enterprise's demands.
264. Defendants extorted Plaintiff's compliance with an unlawful civil commitment
by threatening and subsequently using physical force to remove him from his
home, depriving him of liberty without due process.
D. Mail and Wire Fraud (18 U.S.C. §§ 1341, 1343)
265. Defendants used mail and wire facilities in furtherance of schemes to defraud,
including:
266. Defendants Alcorn and East used interstate wire communications to
coordinate the December 2021 wrongful commitment of Plaintiff, with East
providing false information about Plaintiff's mental state that Alcorn then
incorporated into commitment documents transmitted through interstate
commerce.
267. Defendants Todd Lynch, Ashley Lynch, East, Mills, and others used wire
communications to fabricate the May 2017 aggravated stalking charge, falsely
claiming Plaintiff had threatened the Lynches with an AR-15 rifle before he had
even purchased the weapon.
268. Defendants Tannehill (Robyn), Tannehill (Rhea), East, and others used mail and
wire facilities to file and process the fraudulent restraining order in 2017 that
would later be used as the basis for felony charges in 2022.
269. Defendants Crowder, McCoy, Pittman, and others used mail and wire facilities
to file and process false allegations against Plaintiff in both criminal and family
court proceedings, including the false rape accusation that Crowder was later
sentenced for.
270. Defendants Sessums, Richums, and others used interstate wire
communications to coordinate the harassment of Plaintiff after his relocation
to Utah, including researching his address in Utah and disseminating his
personal information to 139 law enforcement employees.
271. Defendants used wire communications to coordinate the extended detention
of Plaintiff in Galveston, Texas, and his subsequent extradition to Mississippi
just before his scheduled trial in Texas.
E. Interstate Transportation in Aid of Racketeering Enterprises (18 U.S.C. §
1952)
272. Defendants used facilities in interstate commerce to promote, manage,
establish, carry on, and facilitate unlawful activity, including:
273. Defendants from Lafayette County coordinated with Defendant Osteen and
UTMB in Galveston, Texas, to continue the pattern of harassment and wrongful
detention across state lines.
274. Defendants from Oxford Police Department, including Sessums, used
interstate facilities to communicate with and direct Defendant Richums and
others in Layton, Utah, to continue surveillance and harassment of Plaintiff
after his relocation there.
275. Defendants coordinated the timing of Plaintiff's extradition from Texas to
Mississippi to prevent the adjudication of charges in Texas that had been the
basis for eleven months of pretrial detention.
F. Kidnapping (18 U.S.C. § 1201)
276. Defendants unlawfully seized, confined, inveigled, decoyed, kidnapped,
abducted, and carried away Plaintiff and held him for ransom, reward, or
otherwise, including:
277. Defendants East, Alcorn, Beard, Rogers, Little, and others carried out the
December 2021 and February 2022 civil commitments, which constituted
kidnapping as they were based on fraudulent grounds, lacked legitimate
mental health justification, and were executed specifically to remove Plaintiff
from society to prevent his exposure of corruption.
278. The February 2022 commitment was particularly egregious as it was executed
at midnight shortly after Plaintiff's pregnant wife had returned from the
hospital for pregnancy complications, causing her to go into premature labor
and deliver a critically ill infant. Plaintiff was held for 30 days without legitimate
psychiatric treatment, effectively kidnapped by the state to prevent his
exposure of corruption.
279. Defendants Dixon, Tidwell, Ahmed, East, and others kidnapped Plaintiff during
the December 2020 incident when they arrested him without probable cause
at the Sheriff's Department for asking questions, held him in a restraint chair
for over an hour, and then Defendant East personally intervened to extend his
detention by an additional 24 hours by refusing to sign off on his bond until
after personally speaking with him.
G. State Law Predicate Acts (Miss. Code Ann. § 97-9-55, 97-9-59, 97-9-127)
280. Defendants committed numerous violations of state law that qualify as
predicate acts under RICO, including:
281. Perjury: Defendants Dixon and Tidwell committed perjury by falsely testifying
under oath that Plaintiff had said "no" three times during the December 2020
incident, despite audio evidence proving this testimony was fabricated.
282. Perjury by Subornation: Defendants East and others suborned perjury by
encouraging and coordinating false testimony in proceedings against
Plaintiff.
283. Tampering with Evidence: Defendants East, Beavers, Williford, and others
tampered with evidence by failing to preserve exculpatory video footage that
would have demonstrated Plaintiff's innocence while preserving other
recordings that supported their narrative.
284. Filing False Reports: Defendants Todd Lynch, Ashley Lynch, Crowder, Alcorn,
Beard, and others filed false reports against Plaintiff, including the false claim
that he had threatened the Lynches with an AR-15 before he purchased it, and
the false claims in commitment affidavits.
285. Abuse of Office: Defendants East, Beavers, Bell, Alderson, Little, and others
abused their official positions to target Plaintiff with fabricated charges,
excessive bail, unlawful detentions, and fraudulent commitments.
INJURY TO PLAINTIFF
286. As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' racketeering activities and
violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1962(c), Plaintiff suffered substantial injury to his
business and property, including:
287. Loss of Physical Property: Plaintiff's firearms and bulletproof vest were
unlawfully confiscated and never returned, representing a substantial financial
loss.
288. Loss of Income and Employment Opportunities: Plaintiff's ability to earn a
living was severely impaired by repeated incarcerations, commitments, and
the reputational damage from fabricated charges, resulting in lost income
exceeding $500,000 over the period in question.
289. Legal Defense Costs: Plaintiff incurred substantial legal fees and costs
defending against fabricated charges across multiple jurisdictions.
290. Excessive Bail: Plaintiff was forced to pay excessive bail amounts, including the
$150,000 bond that far exceeded statutory maximums for the alleged offense.
291. Child Support Payments Without Access: Plaintiff continued paying $600
monthly in child support to Defendant Crowder even while she unlawfully
denied him all access to his child for over a year, constituting financial loss
through fraud.
292. Medical Expenses: Plaintiff's family incurred extraordinary medical expenses
related to the premature birth of his son, directly caused by the stress of the
February 2022 wrongful commitment.
293. Relocation Costs: Plaintiff incurred substantial costs relocating first to Texas
and then to Utah to escape the persecutory environment created by
Defendants.
294. Property Value Loss: Plaintiff was forced to abandon or sell property at below-
market rates due to his forced banishment and multiple incarcerations.
295. Theft of Professional Opportunities: Plaintiff's journalism career was severely
impacted by the enterprise's actions, preventing him from pursuing
professional opportunities and assignments.
296. In addition to these injuries to business and property, Plaintiff suffered severe
personal injuries including but not limited to:
297. Physical injuries from excessive force during multiple arrests
298. Psychological trauma from wrongful incarcerations and commitments
299. Irreparable damage to the relationship with his daughter through systematic
parental alienation
300. Missed birth of his son and critical early developmental periods
301. Severe emotional distress from witnessing his pregnant wife's suffering and
premature labor directly caused by Defendants' actions
302. Violation of multiple constitutional rights, including First, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth,
Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendment rights
CONSPIRACY TO VIOLATE CIVIL RIGHTS
303. In addition to violating RICO, Defendants conspired to deprive Plaintiff of
rights protected by the Constitution and laws of the United States in violation
of 42 U.S.C. § 1983.
304. Defendants acted in concert and with a common objective to deprive Plaintiff
of his clearly established constitutional rights, including:
305. First Amendment rights to free speech, press, assembly, and to petition the
government for redress of grievances
306. Fourth Amendment rights to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures,
including false arrests without probable cause
307. Fifth Amendment right to due process
308. Sixth Amendment rights to counsel, fair trial, confrontation of witnesses, and
compulsory process
309. Eighth Amendment rights to be free from excessive bail and cruel and unusual
punishment
310. Fourteenth Amendment rights to due process and equal protection of the laws
311. Defendants knowingly and willfully conspired and agreed among themselves
to deprive Plaintiff of these constitutional rights through a series of overt acts,
including:
312. Fabricating criminal charges without probable cause
313. Making false statements in official documents
314. Giving false testimony
315. Manipulating court records
316. Abusing civil commitment procedures to silence criticism
317. Imposing excessive bail
318. Coercing Plaintiff into accepting plea agreements under duress
319. Destroying or failing to preserve exculpatory evidence
320. Retaliating against Plaintiff for protected speech
321. Manipulating judicial assignments
322. Disseminating Plaintiff's personal information across state lines
323. Defendants acted with malice, oppression, and deliberate indifference to
Plaintiff's constitutional rights, warranting punitive damages.
CAUSES OF ACTION
COUNT I: Violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1962(c)
324. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates by reference all preceding paragraphs.
325. The Defendants are "persons" within the meaning of 18 U.S.C. § 1961(3). 326.
The Defendants formed an association-in-fact "enterprise" within the meaning of
18 U.S.C. § 1961(4), consisting of a group of individuals and entities associated in
fact for the common purpose of silencing, punishing, and destroying Plaintiff for
his constitutionally protected speech and activities.
327. The enterprise engaged in activities affecting interstate commerce, including
interstate communications, coordination of activities across state lines, and
economic activities that crossed state boundaries.
328. Each Defendant conducted or participated in the conduct of the enterprise's
affairs through a pattern of racketeering activity, as defined by 18 U.S.C. §
1961(5), including multiple related acts of obstruction of justice, witness
tampering, extortion, mail fraud, wire fraud, kidnapping, and interstate
transportation in aid of racketeering enterprises.
329. The pattern of racketeering activity demonstrated both "relatedness" and
"continuity" as required under H.J. Inc. v. Northwestern Bell Telephone Co.,
with the predicate acts sharing similar purposes, results, participants, victims,
and methods of commission, and continuing from 2017 through 2025.
330. As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' violations of 18 U.S.C. §
1962(c), Plaintiff suffered substantial injury to his business and property,
including financial losses, damage to his journalism career, lost professional
opportunities, confiscation of property, and costs defending against
fabricated charges.
331. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1964(c), Plaintiff is entitled to recover threefold the
damages he sustained, plus the cost of this lawsuit, including reasonable
attorney's fees.
COUNT II: Conspiracy to Violate 18 U.S.C. § 1962(c), in Violation of 18 U.S.C.
§ 1962(d)
332. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates by reference all preceding paragraphs.
333. The Defendants conspired to violate 18 U.S.C. § 1962(c) by agreeing to conduct
or participate in the conduct of the enterprise's affairs through a pattern of
racketeering activity.
334. Each Defendant agreed that at least one conspirator would commit at least
two acts of racketeering activity in furtherance of the enterprise.
335. Defendants demonstrated their agreement through coordinated actions
across multiple jurisdictions, systematic targeting of Plaintiff, sharing of
information, manipulation of legal processes, and extension of harassment
across state lines.
336. As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' conspiracy to violate 18 U.S.C.
§ 1962(c), Plaintiff suffered substantial injury to his business and property.
337. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1964(c), Plaintiff is entitled to recover threefold the
damages he sustained, plus the cost of this lawsuit, including reasonable
attorney's fees.
COUNT III: Conspiracy to Deprive of Constitutional Rights in Violation of 42
U.S.C. § 1983
338. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates by reference all preceding paragraphs.
339. Defendants, acting under color of state law, conspired to deprive Plaintiff of
rights secured by the Constitution and laws of the United States, including his
First, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendment rights.
340. Defendants had a meeting of the minds on the object of the conspiracy—to
silence, punish, and destroy Plaintiff for his constitutionally protected
speech and activities.
341. Defendants committed multiple overt acts in furtherance of the conspiracy,
including false arrests, fabrication of evidence, manipulation of court records,
abuse of civil commitment procedures, and interstate coordination to
continue harassment.
342. Defendants' actions were motivated by evil motive or intent, involved reckless
or callous indifference to Plaintiff's federally protected rights, and were
undertaken with knowledge that they violated clearly established legal
standards.
343. As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' conspiracy to violate his
constitutional rights, Plaintiff suffered substantial injuries, including but not
limited to deprivation of liberty, physical harm, emotional distress, damage to
familial relationships, and financial losses.
344. Plaintiff is entitled to compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive
relief, and attorney's fees and costs pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1988.
COUNT IV: Municipal Liability Under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 (Against Lafayette
County, City of Oxford, and Layton City)
345. Plaintiff realleges and incorporates by reference all preceding paragraphs.
346. Defendants Lafayette County, City of Oxford, and Layton City are liable under
42 U.S.C. § 1983 for constitutional violations committed by their employees
pursuant to official policies, practices, or customs.
347. These municipalities maintained policies, practices, or customs that included:
348. Targeting individuals for exercise of First Amendment rights
349. Fabricating criminal charges against government critics
350. Manipulating court records and legal proceedings
351. Abusing civil commitment procedures to silence dissent
352. Failing to preserve exculpatory evidence
353. Permitting false testimony by law enforcement
354. Coordinating across jurisdictions to harass individuals
355. The constitutional violations Plaintiff suffered were directly caused by these
policies, practices, or customs.
356. The municipalities' failure to train, supervise, and discipline employees
regarding constitutional rights was so inadequate as to demonstrate
deliberate indifference to the rights of persons with whom their employees
come into contact.
357. Final policymakers for these municipalities, including Defendants East,
Tannehill, and others, personally participated in, directed, or had knowledge
of and failed to prevent the constitutional violations alleged herein.
358. Plaintiff is entitled to compensatory damages, injunctive relief, and attorney's
fees and costs pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1988.
PRAYER FOR RELIEF
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon respectfully requests that this Court
enter judgment against Defendants and award the following relief:
A. Compensatory damages in an amount to be determined at trial, but not less
than $3,000,000;
B. Treble damages pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1964(c), increasing the total
compensatory award to not less than $9,000,000;
C. Punitive damages against the individual Defendants in an amount to be
determined at trial, but not less than $25,000,000;
D. Injunctive relief:
1. Prohibiting Defendants from further retaliatory actions against Plaintiff
2. Requiring preservation of all evidence related to Plaintiff
3. Requiring implementation of training programs regarding constitutional
rights
4. Requiring implementation of independent oversight mechanisms
5. Requiring reform of civil commitment procedures to prevent abuse
6. Requiring reform of court record management to prevent manipulation
7. Prohibiting interstate coordination targeting Plaintiff
E. Declaratory relief stating that Defendants' actions violated RICO and
Plaintiff's constitutional rights;
F. Attorney's fees and litigation expenses pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1964(c) and
42 U.S.C. § 1988;
G. Pre-judgment and post-judgment interest as permitted by law;
H. Costs of suit; and
I. Such other and further relief as this Court deems just and proper.
JURY DEMAND
Plaintiff hereby demands a trial by jury on all claims and issues so triable.
Respectfully submitted this ____ day of __________, 2025.
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON
Plaintiff Pro Se
[Address]
[Phone]
[Email]