IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
Vs 
MATT REARDON 
DEFENDANT 
CAUSE NO. LK17-295 
AMENDED TIME SERVED ON GUILTY PLEA 
This day into open court came the District Attorney who prosecutes for the State of Mississippi and came also the above named defendant and being represented by counsel, was lawfully arraigned upon indictment lawfully returned by the Grand Jury of Lafayette county charging the said defendant with the crime of AGGRAVATED STALKING 
} 
and being duly advised of all his legal and constitutional rights in the premises and being further advised of the consequences of such a plea the defendant did then and there enter his plea of guilty to said indictment. 
THIS COURT further finds that the defendant is fully able and competent to understand the proceedings before this Court to comprehend and understand the nature of the rights he has waived herein, and that the defendant was fully competent to enter his plea in this case. 
It is, therefore, ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the defendant, is guilty as charged of the felony criminal offense of AGGRAVATED STALKING 
It is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the said defendant, is hereby ordered to serve a TERM OF 5 YEARS imprisonment in the custody of the Mississippi Department of 
Corrections. 
The defendant shall be given credit for 
awaiting trial. 
years and 
days spent in custody 
The court is of the opinion that the sentence should be reduced to time served based upon recommendations and statements made this date in open Court. The balance of the sentence imposed above is suspended and the defendant is placed on supervised probation for 
BALANCE OF SENTENCE 
YEARS. 
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the sentences imposed on in this cause be and the same is hereby reduced for time served; and said Defendant is placed on supervised probation for a period of BALANCE OF 
years under (he following terms and conditions: (a) Hereafter commit no offense against the laws of this state or any state of the United States, or of the United States, 
(b) Avoid injurious or vicious habits; i.e., not to be involved in suspicious or malicious 
FILE THIS THE 
February 
DAY OF 20 18 
MINUTE BOOK CRMB PAGE 8629 BARETTA MOSLEY, CIRCUIT CLERK 
BY A. Garner D.C. 
behavior, not to use, possess, or show presence of alcoholic beverages, intoxicants to substances controlled or prohibited by law; 
(c) Avoid persons or places of disreputable or harmful character; i.e. not to associate with persons who have prior felony convictions, or persons of ill repute, not to go into, remain about, visit or frequent places where alcoholic beverages are dispensed or sold, or places where disorderly conduct may occur. 
(d) Report-t to the Department of Corrections as directed by it; 
(e) Permit the Field Officer to visit him at home, or elsewhere, and permit the Field Officer to search without a warrant, the purpose of which is to detect the possible presence of alcoholic beverages, intoxicants, contraband, and/or substances controlled or prohibited by law; 
(f) Work faithfully at suitable employment so far as possible; 
(g) Remain within a specified area, i.e., residence of record, employments of record, etc and not change such without notification to the Field Officer, 
(h) Remain within the State of Mississippi unless authorized to leave on proper application thereof. 
(i) Support dependents if applicable; 
(j) Hereby waive extradition to the State of Mississippi from any jurisdiction in or 
outside the United States where defendant may be found and also agree not to contest any effort by any jurisdiction to return defendant to the State of Mississippi. 
(k) Shall pay to the Department of Corrections a supervision fee each month by "certified check" or "money order," until discharged from supervision, in the amount set forth in Mississippi Code of 1972, Section 47-7-49, Annotated. 
(1) Submit to any type of breath saliva, or urine chemical analysis test, the purpose of which is to detect the possible presence of alcohol or substances controlled or prohibited by law and shall pay any fees assessed for each positive analysis; 
(m) Attend and complete any special programs or counseling as directed by the Court or the Field Officer and pay any fees as required for these services; 
$ 
(n) Shall pay Court cost in the amount of $630.50 
fines in the amount of 
with the total 
and other fees and cost in the amount of $ amount of fees and cost to be paid at a rate of $50.00 
per month. (0) And further, shall NOT HAVE CONTACT WITH TODD AND ASHLEY LYNCH AND DEFENDANT SHALL BE 
BANISHED FROM LAFAYETTE COUNTY MS EXCEPT FOR MANDATORY CHANCERY COURT APPEARANCE- PAYMENT STARTS APRIL 1ST 2018 
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that judgment shall be entered upon the Judgment Rolls against the Defendant, in the amount $ 
in favor of Lafayette County. Said judgment is to be paid before the next Term of Court in Lafayette County. If delinquent more than thirty (30) days, the Clerk may, with the assistance of the County or District Attorney, institute garnishment proceedings against said defendant in this cause. This judgment shall be satisfied by the clerk when payment is full has been made into the Court. 
SO ORDERED AND ADJUDGED this the 21ST 
day of February 2018 
дом 
Cifcuit Judge 
z