FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYETT 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PLAINTIFF/PETITIONER 
W 
MCLRY CLERK 
TJ 
VS 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER-KESTER DEFENDANT 
CAUSE NUMBER- CV2016-422W 
EMERGENCY PETITION FOR CITATION OF CONTEMPT, MODIFICATION OF CUSTODY AND CHILD SUPPORT AGREEMENT AND PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF 
COMES NOW the Petitioner/Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon, and files this Emergency 
Petition For Citation of Contempt, Modification of Custody and child support agreement, and 
prayer for emergency injunctive relief against the Defendant, Phyllis Crowder-Kester and her 
attorney In support these requests there of your petitioner would respectfully show unto the Court 
the following: 
1. 
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter. 
2. 
That the Defendant, Phyllis Crowder-Kester, is an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County, 
Mississippi, and may be served with process at her residence in Lafayette County or wherever she 
may be found. 
3. 
On May 22, 2018, This Court entered an Agreed Order of Modification regarding child visitation, 
a true and correct copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "A" 
That the defendant abruptly ceased communication between the plaintiff and his minor child in or 
around January 20th, 2020 and has willfully, maliciously, and contumaciously refused to abide by 
the orders of this court under the false disguise and repetitive assertment of it being at the 
advisement of Department of Child Services (DCS). Plaintiff would show that this bizarre behavior 
would amount to nothing more than further unsubstantiated, invoked lies by the defendant. The 
plaintiff would further show that this was yet again a false narrative that the defendant has chosen to 
run with all the way in a completely ridiculous, vile attempt to demonize the plaintiff. Defendant 
has refused to let the plaintiff even speak with his child and petitioner also alleges that the 
defendant has even gone out of her way to prevent the plaintiff from having eye contact with his 
minor child. Defendant has contumaciously breached this court's agreements established over and 
over again throughout the span of the minor child's life without care for the agreements established 
by this court as well as moral decency through intentionally preventing communication between the 
plaintiff and his minor child. The Defendants malicious, contumacious actions have resulted in 
mental anguish and emotional trauma on not only the plaintiff, but also on the plaintiff's spouse 
Madelyn Claire Reardon (MCR) as well as her 6 year old daughter whom was not only the half 
sister of, but also best friends with the petitioners minor child, LER. It is of the Plaintiff's 
impression that the defendant's jealousy of a new sibling being born was the willful cause of this 
contumacious action due to the defendant demonstrating the same harmful choices and malicious 
behavior in May of 2018 after the plaintiff's 2nd child was born on 4/30/18. The Defendant also 
chose to retaliate against the Plaintiff by her intentional act of keeping the minor child away due to 
her being arrested and booked in January 2020 on a warrant issued by Olive Branch Police 
Department in or around January of 2019 for the Defendant's intentional plot to falsely charge the 
plaintiff with rape in November of 2018. Plaintiff would further show that the conduct of the 
Defendant as well as the Defendant's legal council have far surpassed self-assuming the role of 
Judge, Jury, and Executioner, and that the malicious, frivolous, and false claims not only have met 
but have exceeded the threshold required for Slander, Defamation of Character, Abuse of Process, 
and Malicious Prosecution. The plaintiff would further demonstrate to this court that by admission 
on a recorded phone call on July 20, 2019 the defendant admitted to conspiracy with her present 
husband in discussing the obnoxious attempt to falsely accuse the Plaintiff of raping her in 
November of 2018. As such, it is the absolute intent of the petitioner to bring separate tort causes 
seeking remedies to the damages inflicted in the appropriate courts for relief from such actions. 
5. 
The Plaintiff has demonstrated remarkable restraint despite the aforementioned and even more so 
with the Defendant attempting to falsely assert that the plaintiff molested the minor child a year 
before that, in September of 2017. The Defendant and her attorney have taken full advantage of 
this court and the legal process in turn creating not only a legal crisis under false pretenses, but a 
constitutional crisis under false pretenses. The petitioner would move this court for a hearing on 
said matters if the Defendant wishes to contest that which is asserted, but unlike the Defendants 
actions and behavior, the plaintiff respects this court's time as well as his own and will not further 
elaborate on the actions of the defendant and her attorney unless the Defendant wishes to contest 
the aforementioned, and/or a hearing on this matter is requested or granted by this court. 
6. 
The Proverbial Last Straw came August 26th of 2020 when the defendant filed yet again another 
petition of false allegations with this court in another vile attempt to manipulate the legal system 
and further reduce the plaintiff's rights as father of the minor child by seeking to modify the 
custody order entered by this court. Said filing was a completely frivolous filing, and one that (at 
the time it was made) made no sense whatsoever. However, the Plaintiff realized the motive behind 
said filing allow the Defendant's second attorney Christi McCoy to further attack the character of 
plaintiff/petitioner, a US Marine Corps Veteran, in a completely vile attempt to defend her client 
against the charge levied by Olive Branch PD after her client's abhorrent, reputable, and downright 
disgusting false allegation of rape placed on the father of her child. An obvious attempt to 
characterize the defendant as somebody she clearly is not while she was pleaing out to making a 
false report of rape in an attempt to reduce the sentence levied. Plaintiff would assert that this 
likely is the main reason a summons was never sought on the petition for modification that the 
defendant filed with this court on August 26, 2020 because not only was it MOOT, but frivolous, 
slanderous, along with the defendant committing the crime of perjury through the lies allegated on 
her signed and sworn affidavit which is attached to the said filing and is attached as EXHIBIT B 
7. 
The Plaintiff would show unto this court that through multiple (recorded) phone calls with the 
Department of Children's Services, the plaintiff was advised that complaint (and all complaints for 
that matter) were dismissed as unfounded, and the defendant was and is well aware of that, to 
include her legal counsel. 
8. 
Plaintiff would finally bestow upon this court the attendance record of the minor child at Lafayette 
Elementary School which would show 11 absences for the minor child in the first month and a half 
of school being in session. For any child this should be completely unacceptable and shunned in 
any situation, particularly in this situation in which the minor child was born over three months 
premature resulting in developmental delays. Plaintiff states to this court that it is for these reasons 
stated which would not only warrant a modification of the child custody order reverting primary 
custody of the minor child to the father and require assessment of child support on the defendant. 
For far too long the plaintiff has fallen victim, lost time he will never get back, and has suffered 
financially due to the lies asserted by the defendant. With the attached evidence Petitioner would 
move this honorable court for a trial at its earliest available time. Petitioner would also move this 
court to consider the bizarre occurrences that have occurred and to grant petitioner an emergency 
trial on said facts and additional evidence petitioner is prepared to present before this court. 
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, 
The Plaintiff would pray unto this court to assess the seriousness of the allegations stated within 
this petition, take into consideration the complete disregard for human decency and care for the 
minor child demonstrated by the actions and decisions of the defendant, the extreme nature of the 
contumacious actions of the defendant and her continued lies invoking Child Protective Services as 
a reason to prevent plaintiffs access to his child as ironed out in the visitation agreement on file 
with this court, AND TO AWARD SOLE PHYSICAL AND LEGAL CUSTODY TO THE 
PLAINTIFF as the minor child has been unfairly and immorally held from the plaintiff for the 
majority of her life. 
The Plaintiff/Movant Matthew O Reardon through his filing and affirmed under sworn oath 
and affidavit would also show that the Defendant Phyllis Crowder-Kester be required to 
pay to the Plaintiff Matthew O Reardon, a reasonable sum as to the costs, time, and mental 
anguish bestowed upon him at the malice hands of the Defendant for his having to 
compose and bring forth this action. As such and as appropriate pursuant to Dunaway v. 
Busbin, 498 So.2d 1218, 1222 (Miss. 1986) (emphasis added); Newell v. Hinton, 556 
So.2d 1037,1044 (Miss. 1990) that this court tax all costs associated with bringing this 
action to the Defendant Phyllis Crowder-Kester. 
The plaintiff respectfully prays unto this court to direct sanctions or whatever means it 
deems appropriate to the defendant's council as a deterrent going forward for the untrue, 
frivolous, mentally exhausting, and time intensive legal procedures along with the 
intimidation tactics they brought about by way of the Defendant which in turn have not 
only burdened this court but have caused real damages by their continuation in abusing the 
legal system in place to directly harm the plaintiff's reputation and separate a loving and 
caring father from his child's life. 
Finally, The Plaintiff prays upon this court to issue an emergency injunction and order of 
protection against the Defendant on behalf of the plaintiff, the plaintiff's wife (Madelyn 
Claire Reardon), the plaintiff's step-daughter (MGL), and the plaintiff's other two minor 
children (ACR and MRR). That injunction be made permanent and that the injunction also 
include the defendant's attorneys for the reasons listed within this petition 
The Plaintiff formally submits this 7 page Emergency petition with exhibits and signed 
affidavit to the Chancery Court of Lafayette County on the 8th Day of October 2020 
Respectfully Submitted this 8th Day of October 
The 10-8-2020 
Matthew O. Reardon 
Plaintiff/Petitioner 
Jind John 10/8/20 
Notary pu 
******* 
ATE 
MISSIS 
NOTARY 
PUBLIC 
ID # 229349 
TINA JOHNSON 
Commission Expires. Aug. 2, 2024 
FAYETTE COUNTY. 
Under Miss. Code Ann. § 11-53-17 I, Matthew Reardon, do solemnly swear that I am a citizen of the State of Mississippi, and because of my poverty I am not able to pay the costs or give security for the same in the civil action which I am about to commence in chancery court regarding the above mentioned custody matter and that, to the best of my belief, I am entitled to the redress which I seek by such suit 
10-8-2020 
Matthew O. Reardon 
Plaintiff/Petitioner 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid county and state, personally appeared the within named MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON, who states that he signed the above and foregoing instrument on the day and date therein mentioned, and that the facts and things contained therein are true and correct as therein stated. 
10-8-2020 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED before me, this 
844 
of October 2020 
Tina Jehmen 
Notary Public 
TATE OF 
MISSISS 
STARY 
PUBLIC 
ID # 229349 
TINA JOHNSON 
Commission Expires, Aug. 2, 2024 
IP 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY. 
FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYET 
IN THE CHANCERY CO 
Exhibit A 
RY COURT ORLANDYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON~Y CLATA 
t་་; 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER. 
RA 
PLAINTIFF 
CAUSE NO.: CV2016-422W 
PLAINTIFF 
AGREED ORDER FOR MODIFICATION 
THIS CAUSE having come before the Court on the Motion To Modify Prior 
Order Of The Court and the Court having been advised that the Parties have reached an 
agreement in this cause and the Court finding that said agreement is in the best interest of 
the child of the parties and therefore the Court adopts the Agreed Order as order of the 
Court and therefore orders as follows: 
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that there has been a 
material change in circumstances in this cause and accordingly the Petitioner, Matthew 
Reardon, is ordered and allowed visitation with the minor child of the parties, namely, 
Lydia Elise Reardon, as follows: 
1. Beginning January 1, 2018, Matthew Reardon shall have visitation with the said 
minor child every other week-end from 5:00 p.m. Friday afternoon until 5:00 p.m. 
Sunday afternoon at his residence in Water Valley, Mississippi. 
2. The Parties, Matthew Reardon and Phyllis Crowder, mutually agree to meet at the 
Water Valley Police Department, or some other mutually agreed upon location outside of Lafayette County, Mississippi, for exchange of the child for visitation 
purposes. 
A. Summer 
Matthew Reardon shall have visitation with the minor child for (4) four weeks 
during the summer to be exercised as agreed upon by Parties. 
I 
B. Holidays 
HOLIDAY 
EVEN YEAR 
New Year's Day 
Father 
Easter Day 
Mother 
Memorial Day 
Father 
July 4th Day 
Mother 
Labor Day 
Father 
Thanksgiving Day 
Mother 
ODD YEAR 
Mother 
Father 
Mother 
Father 
Mother 
Father 
Father shall further have visitation on every even numbered year from December 25th at twelve o'clock (12:00) p.m. until December 31" at six o'clock (6:00) p.m. 
On every even numbered year, Father shall enjoy visitation with the parties' minor child during Christmas holidays every odd numbered year from December 20th at six o'clock (6:00) p.m. until December 25th at 12:00 p.m. 
For the Christmas holidays of December, 2017, the parties agree that Matthew Reardon shall have visitation as mutually agreed between the parties but no less than (4) four hours on Christmas Eve and/or (4) four hours Christmas Day and 3 
other consecutive days during said holidays. 
C. Special Days 
1. Father's Day 
That Father shall have visitation regardless of whose weekend it may fall on Father's Day from eight o'clock (8:00) a.m. until six o'clock (6:00) p.m. 
2. Mother's Day 
That Mother shall have visitation regardless of whose weekend it may fall on Mother's Day from eight o'clock (8:00) a.m. until six o'clock (6:00) p.m. 
3. Child's Birthday 
Each parent shall have one day of visitation with the minor child on or near her birthday, regardless of the visitation set out herein. 
D. Other 
Father shall have other reasonable visitation with the minor child as agreed upon by the parties. 
2 
3. That the restraining order entered by this Court on May 9, 2017, is hereby 
dissrived 
Remed 
cancelled as to Matthew Reardon and Phyllis Crowder and the above mentioned 
minor child of the parties. 
4. All other matters and issues addressed and ordered by the Court shall remain in 
full force and effect. 
SO ORDERED this the 22nd 
day of MAY 
AGREED TO BY: 
MATTHEW REARDON 
William C. Stands. 
WILLIAM C. STENNETT, Attorney for Matthew Reardon 
Publia de Blinde 
PHYLLIS CROWDER 
PRESENTED BY: Stennett Law Firm 
William C. Stennett 
319 West Jefferson Street Suite A 
Post Office Box 7369 
Tupelo, Mississippi 38802 
Telephone: (662) 842-5051 
Facsimile: (662) 841-1941 
Email: williamestennett@gmail.com 
2018 
Rommel Wathen 
CHANCELLOR 
3 
Exhibit B 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LATA FETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
} 
VS. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PLAINTIFF 
2020 AUG 26 AM 10: 17 
CAUSE NUMBER: CV-2016-422W 
CHANCERY CLERK 
BYOCZ 
Кс 
DEFENDANT 
PETITION FOR CITATION OF MODIFICATION AND OTHER RELIEF 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Phyllis Marie Crowder, and files this her Petition for 
Modification and Other Relief against the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, and in support thereof 
would respectfully show unto the Court the following: 
1. 
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter. 
2. 
That the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County, 
Mississippi, and may be served with process at his residence in Lafayette County, Mississippi, or 
wherever he may be found. 
That on August_ 
3. 
This Court entered an Agreed Order of Modifcation 
regarding child visitation, a true and correct copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit “A”. 
4. 
That there has been a material change in circumstance that has adversely affected the minor child and therefore visitation with the Defendant has ceased. The Defendant abuses alcohol and/or other prescription or non-prescription drugs to the point that he no longer safely monitors the minor child while she is in the Defendant's care which has caused physical injury to the minor child at the hands of the Defendant's current wife at which point visitation with the Defendant ceased. The incident was reported to the State of Mississippi Child Protective Services and in the interim, the Plaintiff was advised to cease all visitation with the Defendant. The Plaintiff therefore requests the 
Court and for a Guardian Ad Litem to be appointed for the minor child. 
5. 
Additionally the Plaintiff would show that the Defendant's behavior has become erratic both on 
social media and in person and the Plaintiff fears for the safety of the minor child for the Defendant to 
be exercising the current visitation in the midst of the pandemic. 
6. 
Plaintiff would show that Defendant Matthew Oliver Reardon should be required to pay to the 
Petitioner, Phyllis Marie Crowder, a reasonable sum as attorney's fees for having to bring forth this 
action and that all costs of Court should be taxed to Matthew Oliver Reardon. 
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder respectfully 
requests that the Court grant unto her the following relief: 
1. That the Court find that there has been a material change in circumstances which have 
had an adverse effect on the minor child and that visitation with the Defendant cease. 
2. 
That Phyllis Marie Crowder be awarded reasonable attorney's fees and costs suffered in 
bringing this matter; and, 
3. 
That if mistaken for the relief prayed for and entitled to, then the Plaintiff prays for such 
other, further, general, specific or special relief to which she may be entitled. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, this the 
354 
day of 
MONAT. PITTMAN, MSB # 9754 
Attorney for the Plaintiff 
P. O. Box 2958 
Oxford, Mississippi 38655 
Telephone: (662) 234-9346 
Facsimile: (662) 234-9748 (Facsimile) mona@panola.com 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
2020. 
44 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid County and 
State, the within named, Phyllis Marie Crowder, who, after being first duly sworn, states that the 
matters contained in the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt are true and correct as 
therein stated. 
This the day of August 2020. 
Aufte Marie Bon de 
Phyllis Marie Chowder 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME, this the day of August 2020. 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 
6/15/2024 
Jerean Barnets Hol 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
MISSISSIPPI 
BARNETT 
STATE OF 
TERESA 
HOWELL 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
ID No. 199531 Commission Expires 
June 15, 2024 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
f