In The Chancery Court of Lafayette County Mississippi 
2022 JUN-2 P 1: 32 
CHANCERY CLERK 
Cause Number CV2021-691 
RE: The Matter of Matthew Reardon gY OC 
T 
Motion to Vacate Judgment Under MRCP Rule 60(b) 
Comes now your Respondent, Matthew Oliver Reardon, whom raises to this court manifest error requiring the reversal and vacating of this matter which stands before it. In doing so raises his arguments in favor: Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure Rule 60 - Relief from Judgment or Order 
(b) Mistakes; Inadvertence; Newly Discovered Evidence; Fraud, etc1 
(1) fraud, misrepresentation, or other misconduct of an adverse party; 
(4) the judgment is void 2 
(5) the judgment has been satisfied, released, or discharged, or a prior judgment upon which it is based has been reversed or otherwise vacated, or it is no longer equitable that the judgment should have prospective application 
(6) any other reason justifying relief from the judgment. 
Background of Case in Chief 
The respondent suffered irreparable injury sustained from two separate extended stay commitment orders signed by this court and occurring just over two months apart from one commitment to the next. On both matters' respondent has asserted claims that he was denied due process through deprivation of key rights which would guarantee a fair hearing on the first commitment. This would include a complete refusal to conduct a hearing in general on the second commitment process just 63 days later despite multiple requests 
1 When ruling upon a Rule 60(b) motion, the trial court should balance the litigant's interest in a resolution on the merits of the motion with the desire to achieve finality in litigation. See Stringfellow v. Stringfellow, 451 So. 2d 219, 221 (Miss. 1984). 
2 A judgment is void if the trial court lacked jurisdiction over the subject matter or the parties or acted in a manner inconsistent with due process of law. See Bryant, Inc. v. Walters, 493 So. 2d 933, 938 (Miss. 1986). 
1 
SCANNED 
made and despite open allegations that not only one, but both commitment proceedings were instituted with malice by false claims given along with claims of the proceedings being initiated as a way of both suppressing information and retaliating against Respondent. This amounts to fully depriving the respondent of his Liberty 
without due process of law being afforded, a violation of Article 3 Sections 14, 24, 25, 26, and 26-A of the Mississippi Constitution and the 4th and 5th amendments to the Federal Constitution. 
1) The matter at hand begins on December 3rd, 2021 when Respondent filed a Cover Page in Lafayette 
County Circuit Court under Cause number L21-494 indicating he was appealing a criminal matter 
from Lafayette County Justice Court. With it Respondent filed a 12-page motion seeking an amended 
judgement or for the matter to be declared void due to evidence being introduced at trial that would 
go to proving that Lafayette County Sheriff's Deputies gave perjured testimony on stand at trial that 
had gone uncorrected by the prosecutor, thus the trial and subsequent judgement was without due 
process and subject to collateral attack. 
2) At that time and on that day, Court Clerk Chyna Sinervo advised Respondent that his newly assigned 
case was assigned by algorithm at random to Judge Kent Smith. This interaction was recorded and 
preserved and will be presented to this court should this court request it as being relevant for 
validation. 
3) On Monday, December 6, 2021 Respondent proceeded to Circuit Court upon realizing that his newly 
filed matter three days prior now reflected Judge John Kelly Luther as the assigned judge on the 
matter. Respondent simply tried to ascertain how this record could have been changed and who could 
have changed it when Circuit Court Clerk Jeff Busby got highly defensive and advised his staff not to 
answer any further questions. 
2 
4) Busby then communicates out to the Lafayette County Sheriff Joey East in an attempt to rid the 
Respondent from Circuit Court/Circuit Clerks Office. The Sheriff then pulls up minutes later, orders 
Respondent not to go back into Circuit Court unless he has something to file. 
5) The very next day, December 7, 2021 upon Respondent, his wife, and his stepchild arriving at home 
from a Doctors Appointment around 5pm, Lafayette County Sheriff's Deputies simultaneously arrive 
to take Respondent into custody for the signed affidavit for commitment signed by Communicare and 
executed by this court. 
6) The signed Affidavit stated Respondent would "Go into Public Places Recording people, Paranoid 
and Delusional, Provoking people with his minor child, not taking meds, and not getting Medical 
Help. 
7) On December 9th, 2021 Respondent (after receiving far from thorough/fair evaluations by 
Communicare Staff and assigned staff by Lafayette County Chancery Court) was committed to the 
North Mississippi State Hospital Tupelo Crisis Unit where he would stay deprived of his liberty until 
December 23rd, 2021. 
8) Upon being discharged, Respondent condemned the Commitment, referring to it as Fraudulent in 
nature particularly referencing to the reasons stated on the Affidavit NOT supported by any named 
witness, along with the fact that the Commitment proceedings were initiated the very next day after 
attempting to find answers to the erroneous altering of records in Circuit Court. 
9) Respondent would find out via phone call with Communicare Supervisor Rachel Alcorn on or around 
12/30/2021 that the source of her information attested to on affidavit stemmed from Lafayette 
3 
County Sheriffs Department and in particular Sheriff East, yet she never listed out any witness on her 
affidavit, in essence falsely stating claims on sworn affidavit she had absolutely no clue about. 
10) In response to the first commitment proceedings filed and executed on December 7th, 2021 and at the 
advisement of Communicare employee, Susan Beard, Respondent filed an 8-page formal grievance 
with the chancery court of Lafayette County, detailing out violations of state law and Federal Case 
Law, and Respondent served this letter on Judge Little's chambers and Communicare Executive 
Director Dr Sandy Rogers on February 7th, 2022 at approximately 3pm. 
11) Just 2-days following this letter Susan Beard decided to file a second Affidavit for Commitment citing 
noncompliance with outpatient treatment stating Respondent refused to attend an appointment, but 
this simply was not the case as respondent was awaiting response to the formal complaint/grievance 
he had properly served prior to proceeding further. 
12) On February 10, 2022 around Midnight, Lafayette County Sheriff's Department again pulled into 
Respondent's Driveway with blue lights on to take Respondent into custody without order or affidavit 
in hand for preservation at the time asked, requiring a separate deputy to present the signed order and 
affidavit. 
13) This caused Respondent's wife to go into pre-term labor and delivering a child at 28 weeks gestational 
age on February 17, 2022. 
14) Respondent requested a hearing since the moment he was taken into custody for the writ of 
commitment executed on February 10th, 2022 and each time he asked for a hearing Respondent was 
advised that he was not entitled to receive a hearing, although a single page had already been marked 
that respondent did receive an in-person hearing, when that simply never was the case. 
4 
15) Not only were these statements amount to a fundamental deprivation of Due Process Rights 
guaranteed to all Private Citizens, but a direct violation of State Law in that Respondent was indeed 
entitled to a hearing pursuant to MS § 41-21-71, MS § 41-21-73, and MS § 41-21-74 within the first 
10-days' time, yet this was completely overlooked and never adhered to. 
16) MS § 41-21-67 states when the affidavit fails to set forth factual allegations and witnesses sufficient to 
support the need for treatment, the chancellor shall refuse to direct issuance of the writ. This is not a 
choice of the court, rather it is an obligation of the court. 
17) MS § 41-21-71 states if the respondent is determined to be in need of mental health treatment, the 
clerk shall immediately set the matter for hearing. The hearing shall be set within seven (7) days of 
the filing of the certificates unless an extension is requested by the respondent's attorney. In no event 
shall the hearing be more than ten (10) days after the filing of the certificates. Affording the 
Respondent a hearing is not discretionary. It is a requirement, and it is a requirement of Due Process 
to all citizens prior to the deprivation of their liberty. 
18) Further elaborating on this topic, MS § 41-21-73 (2) states "The respondent must be present at the 
hearing unless the chancellor determines that the respondent is unable to attend and makes that 
determination and the reasons therefor part of the record". Further, the court, at the time of the 
hearing, shall be presented a record of all drugs, medication or other treatment that the respondent 
has received pending the hearing, unless the court determines that such a record would be impractical 
and documents the reasons for that determination. 
5 
19) This Documentation was never provided and notated in the record as nobody seemed to know what 
medication respondent was initially prescribed, yet had no problem stating that Respondent wasn't 
taking his medication. 
20) Ironically, the doctor in charge at the East Mississippi State Hospital remained under the impression 
for the entire time leading up to discharge that Respondent had been misdiagnosed before and in fact 
was not requiring of medication, one of the primary reasons Respondent was committed in December 
of 2021. 
21) MS § 41-21-73 (3) states "The respondent shall have the right to offer evidence, to be confronted with 
the witnesses against him and to cross-examine them and shall have the privilege against self- 
incrimination. The rules of evidence applicable in other judicial proceedings in this state shall be 
followed. A representative from a treatment facility shall be present at the hearing to explain possible 
treatment options to the respondent". Yet none of MS § 41-21-73 (3) held applicable to these 
proceedings as Respondent was never given the right to offer evidence, be confronted with witnesses 
against him, and to cross-examine them. Further no representative from a treatment facility was 
present at the hearing to explain possible treatment options to the respondent." 
22) MS § 41-21-73 (4) Treatment before admission to a state-operated facility shall be located as closely 
as possible to the patient's county of residence and the county of residence shall be responsible for 
that cost. Admissions to state-operated facilities shall be in compliance with the catchment areas 
established by the State Department of Mental Health. 
23) The Catchment area for Lafayette County, MS is the North Mississippi State Hospital in Tupelo, MS, 
NOT the East Mississippi State Hospital in Meridian, MS. 
6 
24) MS § 41-21-74 (3) states "The respondent may be returned to the treatment facility as soon thereafter 
as facilities are available. The respondent may request a hearing within ten (10) days of his return to 
the treatment facility." 
25) This once again was not the case as Respondent continued to be advised that he did not have the right 
to a hearing until after 21 days stay at a state hospital facility. A hearing within 10-days would have 
made a tremendous difference in Respondent being able to add clarity to the situation, and to be by 
his wife's side to assist after the extremely premature birth of their son. 
26) MS § 41-21-74 (4) states "An outpatient shall not have or be charged for a recommitment process 
within a period of twelve (12) months of the initial outpatient order.". Respondent understands this 
for the way it reads. There may not be another recommitment process within 12 months of the initial 
commitment, however back to back commitments occurred within 63 days of each other. 
27) Finally, MS § 41-21-104 states among others listed below that "The person subject to commitment 
must be afforded the due process to which he or she is entitled under Chapters 21 and 31 of Title 41, 
Mississippi Code of 1972" 
28) "To deprive any citizens of his or her liberty upon the altruistic theory that the confinement is for 
humane therapeutic reasons and then fail to provide adequate treatment violates the very fundamentals 
of due process." Wyatt v. Stickney, 325 F. Supp. 785 
29) As a result of all listed violations by the affiant, this court, and Lafayette County, Respondent has 
incurred substantial financial burden, and respondent's newborn child has been ailing in health more 
recently being transferred to LeBonheur Children's Hospital in Memphis TN due to his lungs not 
developing from being born as premature as he unfortunately was. 
7 
30) The trial court has discretion to grant or deny a Rule 60(b) motion, unless the judgment is void, in 
which case the court is required to set aside the judgment. See Sartain v. White, 588 So. 2d 204, 211 
(Miss. 1991). A judgment is void if the trial court lacked jurisdiction over the subject matter or the parties or acted in 
a manner inconsistent with due process of law. See Bryant, Inc. v. Walters, 493 So. 2d 933, 938 (Miss. 1986). 
VIOLATIONS OF MS CODE REGARDING INVOLUNTARY COMMITMENT 
MS § 41-21-67 (1) states "The order may provide where the person shall be held before being taken for pre-evaluation screening and treatment. However, when the affidavit fails to set forth factual allegations and witnesses 
sufficient to support the need for treatment, the chancellor shall refuse to direct issuance of the writ. Reapplication may be made to the chancellor." 
MS § 41-21-71 states "If the chancellor or chancery clerk finds, based upon the appointed examiners' certificates and any 
other relevant evidence, that the respondent is in need of treatment and the certificates are filed with the chancery clerk within forty- eight (48) hours after the order for examination, or extension of that time as provided in Section 41-21-69, the clerk shall immediately set the matter for a hearing. The hearing shall be set within seven (7) days of the filing of the certificates unless an extension is requested by the respondent's attorney. In no event shall bearing be more than ten days after the filing of certificates." 
MS § 41-21-73 (2) states "The respondent must be present at the hearing unless the chancellor determines that the respondent is unable to attend and makes that determination and the reasons therefor part of the record. At the time of the bearing, the respondent shall not be so under the influence or suffering from the effects of drugs, medication or other treatment so as to be hampered in participating in the proceedings. The court, at the time of the hearing, shall be presented a record of all drugs, medication or other treatment that the respondent has received pending the hearing, unless the court determines that such a record would be impractical and documents the reasons for that determination." 
MS § 41-21-73 (3) states "The respondent shall have the right to offer evidence, to be confronted with the witnesses against him and to cross-examine them and shall have the privilege against self-incrimination. The rules of evidence applicable in other judicial proceedings in this state shall be followed. A representative from a treatment facility shall be present at 
the hearing to explain possible treatment options to the respondent." 
8 
MS § 41-21-73 (4) states "If the court finds by clear and convincing evidence that the proposed patient is a person with mental illness or a person with an intellectual disability and, if after careful consideration of reasonable alternative dispositions, including, but not limited to, dismissal of the proceedings, the court finds that there is no suitable alternative to judicial commitment, 
the court shall commit the patient for treatment in the least restrictive treatment facility that can meet the patient's treatment needs. Treatment before admission to a state-operated facility shall be located as closely as possible to the patient's county of residence and the county of residence shall be responsible for that cost. Admissions to state-operated facilities shall be in compliance with the catchment areas established by the State Department of Mental Health." 
MS § 41-21-74 (3) states "The respondent may be returned to the treatment facility as soon thereafter as facilities are available. The respondent may request a hearing within ten (10) days of his return to the treatment facility." 
MS § 41-21-74 (4) states "The chancery court of the county where the public facility is located, or the committing court shall have jurisdiction over matters concerning outpatient commitments when such an order is sought subsequent to an inpatient course of treatment pursuant to Sections 41-21-61 through 41-21-107, 43-21-611, 99-13-7 and 99-13-9. An outpatient shall not have or be charged for a recommitment process within a period of twelve (12) months of the initial outpatient order.' 
MS § 41-21-104 states "The court shall have continuing jurisdiction over a person committed to an inpatient or outpatient treatment program under this chapter for one (1) year after completion of the treatment program. During that time, the court, upon affidavit in the same cause of action, may conduct a hearing consistent with this chapter or Title 41, Chapter 31, Mississippi Code of 1972, to determine whether the person needs to be recommitted for further mental health treatment or to determine whether the person is in need of alcohol and drug treatment. Upon a finding by the court that the person is in need of further treatment, the court may commit the person to an appropriate treatment facility. The person subject to commitment must be afforded the due process to which he or she is entitled under Chapters 21 and 31 of Title 41, Mississippi Code of 1972. This section may not be construed so as to conflict with the provisions of Section 41-21-87." 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Respondent prays that this court vacate its Judgement entered in this cause or in the alternative to hold a hearing to examine all named facts and grievances stated within. Respondent also prays for any other relief both special or general to which he may be entitled for having to bring this cause. 
Respectfully Submitted this 2nd Day of June 2022 
Matthew Reardon 
Respondent (pro se) 
9 
Riding With The Outlaw 
MATTREARDON.COM & FIVING WITH THE OUTLAW.COM OUTLAW NEWS 
February 7th, 2022 
Via Email Only 
Dr Sandy Rogers 
Executive Director of Communicare 152 MS-7 
Oxford, MS 38655 
CC: Chancellor Lawrence Little 
Presiding Judge over Involuntary Commitment Lafayette County Chancery Court 
RE: Fraudulent Involuntary Judicial Commitment Stemming from False Information 
URGENT NOTICE PROVIDED. PLEASE TAKE APPROPRIATE ACTION 
Dear Dr Rogers, 
Between the date of December 6, 2021 and December 7, 2021 an employee of Communicare by the name of Rachel Alcorn came in receipt of inaccurate, untrue, and defamatory information given to her by Lafayette County Sheriff's Department which she acknowledged had been sourced by the Lafayette County Sheriff, Joey East himself. This in turn set off a series of events to follow, which in turn brought about irreparable injury while hindering the due course of justice and as a result broadened the scope of all which currently transpires. In the interest of transparency into all of this, I'd like to make it known that this entire fiasco was created based upon the fact that for the second time in approximately one year's time, I had discovered an important record that was fraudulently altered in Lafayette County Circuit Court. Finding out how this record could have changed and who could be responsible for changing it was and still is two very important questions to me as the same thing has happened now on both currently open filed matters of mine in Lafayette County Circuit Court. To make matters even worse, I have Identified numerous pieces of inaccurate information reported by another employee of Communicare by the name of Stacey Waites whom conducted the intake at the Lafayette County Detention Center on December 8th, 2021. Then there is the absolutely bizarre notation and reasoning by the Doctor and Nurse Practitioner via remote video conference which when combined with the facts and all other erroneous and obnoxious matters at hand lead me to believing that everything that transpired was the result of heavily politicized persecution for me having the drive and focus that I have on all current ongoing legal matters I am involved in. Particularly when this Doctor notated on his report that I was "very preoccupied with ongoing legal cases" and described my condition as 
Bipolar with "delusions" in his report recommending in-patient commitment. To fault me for being pre-occupied with ongoing legal cases is absolutely ludicrous when factoring in that I am having to 
perform the work of an attorney due to not being able to afford the monumental costs an attorney 
would charge to represent me in two supreme court appeals, two circuit court matters, a chancery court 
matter, a recently wrapped up Justice Court matter, and at a bare minimum now one pending District Court Matter. Being "pre-occupied with ongoing legal cases" should be fully expected of anyone 
currently engaged in multiple legal battles in multiple venues such as I am, particularly when that 
individual happens to be representing himself in seeking full vindication from a complete miscarriage 
of justice that transpired in 2017 which continues to be exacerbated through continued lies tendered 
by Lafayette County Officials and in particular Sheriff East whom in fact played a hand in all that has 
occurred dating back to May of 2017. Contrary to the opinion of this Doctor and your staff whom 
never fact checked anything, the claims I have made and produced a plethora of evidence supporting 
are not "Conspiracy Theories" or "Delusions", nor have I ever "Provoked anyone with my minor child" 
as the affidavit and reports following attested to. These are insinuations and character assassinations 
that Lafayette County and in particular its sheriff wanted to have conveyed which at least temporarily 
it was successful in doing through full exploitation of the State of Mississippi's mental health laws and 
through the assistance of your employees and contractors working on behalf of your organization at 
the expense of my rights and liberties. The negligent acts of your employees have sought to demonize 
lawful, authorized, and constitutionally protected activity through the pushing of a narrative that was 
distasteful and untrue. 
I am an independent credentialed member of the press whom has taken on a role of investigating and 
reporting the corrupt acts demonstrated by this county while fully documenting my journey in seeking 
full vindication and my credentials have been on file with the County and Sheriffs Department, so this 
was no new occurrence or surprise. For your convenience I am attaching a copy to this letter so that 
they again are on file in one more place in this county. The most unfortunate consequence, however, 
is that employees of Communicare through not properly following policy and procedure as it relates 
to state and federal law have now directly aided and provided assistance to certain Lafayette County 
Officials and in particular Sheriff East in their attempt to "cover up" and abscond from their wrongful 
deeds. As a result of such I have lost all trust in your organization and its staff, and honestly who could 
blame me? 
The State of Mississippi's Mental Health laws are outdated and I firmly believe that what has 
transpired here demonstrates the level of ease for the State and County Governments to exploit their 
own system, and through doing so have done a pristine job of exposing its major flaws. The process 
for initiating Civil Commitment proceedings is detailed out in MS Code 41-21-65. In that it states: 
If any person is alleged to be in need of treatment, any relative of the person, or any interested 
person, may make affidavit of that fact and shall file the Uniform Civil Commitment Affidavit 
with the clerk of the chancery court of the county in which the person alleged to be in need of 
treatment resides, but the chancellor or duly appointed special master may, in his or her 
discretion, hear the matter in the county in which the person may be found. The affidavit shall 
set forth the name and address of the proposed patient's nearest relatives and whether the proposed patient resides or has visitation rights with any minor children, if known, and the reasons for the affidavit. The affidavit must contain factual descriptions of the proposed 
patient's recent behavior, including a description of the behavior, where it occurred, and over 
what period of time it occurred, if known. Each factual allegation may be supported by 
observations of witnesses named in the affidavit. 
The requirements in this simply were not met, nor were they ever justified. Not only was the Affidavit not supported by any named witnesses, but the entire procedure was botched by the affiant attesting under sworn affidavit to non-factual claims along with claims that were in fact constitutionally protected and ordained particularly for an independent credentialed member of the press in the performance of his duties, which the Lafayette County through its officials nor employees of Communicare had any such right to interfere with and hinder. Further, the affidavit and reports to follow were comprised of judgmental and conclusory statements that were untrue in nature and relied primarily upon information stemming from an outside party whom was never named as required under the above statute. Fortunately, in one measure of good faith, there is a listed imposition of penalties against false affidavits being filed in bad faith for a malicious purpose in that: 
The prohibition against charging the affiant other fees, expenses, or costs shall not preclude 
the imposition of monetary criminal penalties under Section 41-21-107 or any other criminal 
statute, or the imposition by the chancellor of monetary penalties for contempt if the affiant 
is found to have filed an intentionally false affidavit or filed the affidavit in bad faith for a 
malicious purpose. 
A State Law cannot be held constitutional if it directly infringes on established law on a Federal Level 
to include if that particular law/legislation deprives a citizen of any constitutional right or any guaranteed Due Process Right - to include Substantive in that a citizen is subjected to the undue deprivation of life, liberty, or property. A finding of "mental illness" alone cannot justify a State's locking a person up against his will and keeping him indefinitely in simple custodial confinement. 
Assuming that that term can be given a reasonably precise content and that the "mentally ill" can be 
identified with reasonable accuracy, there is still no constitutional basis for confining such persons 
involuntarily if they are dangerous to no one and can live safely in freedom. The matter at hand was decided upon in O'Connor vs Donaldson, A Landmark US Supreme Court case, which Stated 
in short, a State cannot constitutionally confine without more a non-dangerous individual who is 
capable of surviving safely in freedom by himself or with the help of willing and responsible family members or friends. The question was then posed, may the State fence in the harmless mentally ill 
solely to save its citizens from exposure to those whose ways are different? One might as well ask if the State, to avoid public unease, could incarcerate all who are physically unattractive or socially eccentric. Mere public intolerance or animosity cannot constitutionally justify the deprivation of a person's physical liberty. See, e. g., Cohen v. California, 403 U.S. 15, 24 -26; Coates v. City of [422 U.S. 563, 576] Cincinnati, 402 U.S. 611, 615; Street v. New York, 394 U.S. 576, 592; cf. U.S. Dept. of Agriculture v. Moreno, 413 U.S. 528, 534. 
In conclusion, the flaws which occurred in this matter have not only violated the mental health laws established by the state of Mississippi, but have created a material breach of substantive due process rights guaranteed to all citizens and protected under federal law. As such, you are hereby requested to review and revise your current policies within the following 7 days in order to bring them into compliance with not only state law but federal law as well in order to circumvent a similar matter from occurring in the future and to provide in writing any offered changes to such 
policies. In addition, as stated above, please take appropriate action to produce and preserve any and 
all information associated with the incident below to include any information describing the incident 
below that is maintained by Communicare and/or any of its employees to include any 
individual subcontracted out. This preservation should include all audio recordings taken during 
intake. any documentation/notes taken, and any communication regarding the matter sent and/or received leading up to and including the final determination being made to involuntarily commit 
Matthew Reardon to a state hospital facility on December 9, 2021. 
Mote 
Matthew Reardon 
matt@mattreardon.com 
662-205-6711 
Video Documenting all that occurred on December 6, 2021 along with supporting evidence may be viewed online: 
RIDINGWITHTHEOUTLAW.COM/A-FRAUDLENT-COMMITMENT 
PRESS ID 
Carte de Presse/Pase de Prensa / Presseausweis 
Credentialed Reporter / Photographer 
Matthew Reardon 
Is a Reporter / Photographer and a member in good standing with the Constitution First Amendment Press Association (CFAPA.org) 
Issue Date: 
July 01, 2021 
Do not hinder, exclude, or block the view of this journalist in the exercise of the long-established and court-recognized 1st Amendment right to be present at and to photograph or film any event in any public place. See: Perry Education Association v. Perry Local Educators' Association. (1983) 
1st Amendment: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." (Enacted by Congress on December 15, 1791.) 
Any officer or public official who deprives another of their 1st Amendment rights is personally and departmentally subject to suit for civil damages for deprivation of rights. Per 42 U.S.C. § 1983, "every person" who under color of law deprives another 
person of his civil rights is liable for civil damages.) See: Pierson v. Ray, 386 U.S. 547 (1967) - a U.S. Supreme Court case. Also see: Monell v. Department of Social Services, wherein the U.S. Supreme Court held that municipalities and local governments can be sued if the action was attributable to an official policy. 
Law enforcement officers, public officials, and public employees do not enjoy absolute immunity. 
Copyright 2014, Constitution First Amendment Press Association. (CFAPA.org) - All Rights Reserved. CFAPA is not liable or responsible for the actions of its independent members. 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF 
IN RE: N 
Lafayette 
COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
18th STATE OFICIAL DISTRICT 
CAUSE NO. 2021-(91(4) 
Matthew Beardon 11 FC - 7 - 1918 
2021 DEC P10 
UNIFORM COMMITMENT AFFIDAVIT UNDER MCA SECTION 41-21-65 
COMES NOW Rachel Alcorn, relative and/or interested person, residing at -Communicare DY Datelephone number 462-234-152 daly sworn 
and deposed, says the following to be true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief: 
Matthew Reardon is a personal aitege to be in need of treatment by.qutpatientur inpesticat 
commitment. To my knowledge this person DOES/DOES NOT (circle one) reside or have visitation nights 
who resides.at with a minor child or children. Their nearest relative, if known, is 
telephone number 
I allege the person to 
be in need of treatment because the person is mentally ill under fay and poses a likelihood of physical harm to themselves or others as demonstrated by fmark as many as may apply a recent attempter threatto physically harm themselves or others and/or a failure and inability to provide necessary food; stoming, sheiter, safety, oricedical care to themselves as a result of the impairment and/or based on treatment history or other relevant evidence, this person is in need of treatment to prevent further disability or deterioration which will predictably result in dangerousness to themselves or others when theiquzrent-mental illness limits or negates their ability to make an informed decision to seek or comply with recommended treatment. To my knowledge the recent behavior described herein is not caused by any of the following: epilepsy; intellectual disability; brief periods of intoxication, dependence upon or addictiondo alcohol or drugs; or senile dementia. 
Factual descriptions ofrecent behavior, witnesses, and where and when it occurred, if known 
go into public... places recording people parinoid and dellusional grojacking people with his minof Child, not taking meds Bad not getting medical help 
Gardeh additional pages off needed) 
I HAVE HAVE NOT circle aze) consulted with a Community Mental Health Centenora physician to determine whether the alleged acts by the proposed respondent warrant civil commitment in lieu of other less- restrictive treatment options. 
SWORN TO AND SIGNED BY MY HAND this the day December 2021A.0. 
7th 
ps. 
COURTSW 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBEANCERY 
ACAVETTE 
COUNTY 
AFFIANT (relative and/or interested person) 
gay of December 2011 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
FILED CERTIFICATE OF EXAMNING PHYSICIAN/PSYCHOLOGIST 
(12021-691(4) 
do hereby 
W. Dr. Milton Hobbs and Sharon Upton, ARNPoo Zartling Chat on the 3 day of December 2021, we conducted a thorough mental and physical examination of Matthew Reardon of Lafayette County, Missisip, and that it is 
sour opinion that said person (s) is not) 
D' suffering from mentat finess, more particularly described as Bipolere y delusional 
manifested by: 
grossly disturbed behavior/faulty perceptions, and poses a substantial likelihood of 
physical harm: 
by recent threats or attempts to harm self or others. 
by failure to provide necessary care for self. 
-and- 
requires treatment to prevent further disability or deterioration. 
Said person (is) (is not) in need of observation, diagnosis, and treatment through: 
Inpatient Treatment/Hospitalization Court Ordered Outpatient Services at Communicare 
Facts supporting these findings include: Mr Matthew Reardon is a 34 year old male with A history of mental illness requiring impatient treatment. HE WAS At the North MS State (ospital 7/2021 : he quit fating his psychiatric medications At the time of discharge. He repeats himself frequently. He is vere preoccupied with masing legal CASES. Inpatient treatment is recommended At this time 
8 of December 2021. 
So certified this 
Mffolem, MD 
Physician/Psychologist Signature 
Dhavallstand cap слю 
Physician/Psychologist Signature 
1