FILED STATE OF MISSISSIPPI LAFAYETTE OPENTY 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSSJ5 PM 4:42 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER-KESTER ) 
V. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
} 
Put 
} } 
NO. 
CV2016-422W 
DEFENDANT'S MOTION TO QUASH, SUPPRESS, AND SANCTION PETITIONER AND PETITIONER'S LEGAL COUNCIL 
Comes now before the court Matthew Reardon, your confused, mentally anguished, and dumfounded 
Respondent/Defendant, and hereby moves this court to quash, suppress, and sanction the Petitioner and her legal 
counsel after their continued insistence through "grabbing at straws" after one failed attempt after another failed 
attempt to unfairly berate and overwhelm the defendant by continuing to go down additional avenues or "rabbit 
holes." Movant states before this court that this is precisely the case yet again and the motive and reasoning behind 
the latest move by petitioner and her council to Subpoena records from 4 law enforcement agencies should be 
abundantly clear to this court that the Petitioner and her council's soul goal at this point is to cause or create 
unnecessary delay in order to further harass and victimize the Movant on matters that the plaintiff and her council 
knowingly caused and/or played a significant part in creating. There are several major issues at hand now that 
this court has been made complete aware of which include among others the Petitioner's Attorney knowingly 
defrauding this court as well as the defendant/respondent through filing a fraudulent petition in which the 
notarized affidavit was duplicated and used twice. The September 30th, 2020 Petition filed by the Petitioner 
is attested to August 26, 2020 which was the original petition filed. The Notary attested to the document from 
August 26, 2020 not September 30, 2020. This is an incurable error, an error that cannot be characterized 
as a “Clerical Error" and one of profoundly serious nature because of the liability such careless and negligent 
actions pose on the notary public herself. Petitioner's Attorney even had the audacity to not even so much as 
issue a response in the 10-day window allotted for response further showing the willful and intentional efforts 
to "ride it out" and to take it further by poking and prodding in other areas of defendant's life which not only was 
she not privy to nor did she have any reason to ascertain based on the original petition filed with this court. In both 
jurisdictions for which the plaintiff subpoenaed, there is currently ongoing legal matters both in defending and 
litigating erroneous retaliatory attacks on Movant whom was only seeking out assistance after the petitioner went 
to the extents she did in conspiring to falsely accuse the Movant of rape. Due to both matters being open and in 
litigation, Movant asserts that petitioner is not privy to such information, not now and quite possibly never. After 
all, was this cause not based on Petitioner's ATTEMPT to reduce even further the Movant's visitation with his 
minor child whom he has demonstrated. This court has an obligation to look out for the best interest of the minor 
child, and Movant asserts that he has sustained prejudicial treatment by this court counter to the obligation that a 
family court is expected to provide on normal circumstances because he is representing himself pro se, however 
Movant asserts his inability to afford outside council due to the extremely malice acts of the petitioner, her attorney, 
and certain individuals and government officials in Lafayette County. 
Movant asserts that there are now multiple fatal errors now in play. MRCP Rule 45 C (1) calls for a Subpoena to 
be executed on a witness personally. Rule 45 (c) (2) calls for the names of the PERSONS served. A staff 
member for petitioner's attorney "SERVED" the subpoena for Olive Branch PD AND Desoto County 
Sheriffs Office via fax with no acknowledgement from any PERSON. Furthermore MRCP 45(d)(2)(a) states 
that the subpoena MUST give no less than 10 days notice to comply. All subpoenas issued by petitioner were 
issued on the 19th, thus less than 10 days before trial given that trial is on 1/28/2021, Therefore these 
subpoenas were improperly served and as such the contents of any discovery cannot be produced and used 
for trial purposes, and Movant hereby would demand that petitioner's counsel destroy any and all 
information that may have stemmed from such subpoena, and Movant requests this court to order a stop to 
the production of such records due to privacy and confidentiality purposes as well as non-conforming to the 
established rules laid out in regards to service of a subpoenas. MRCP 45(D)(1)(A) states that upon timely 
motion, the court from which a subpoena was issued shall quash or modify a subpoena if it fails to allow 
reasonable time for compliance; or requires disclosure of privileged or protected matter. Movant states both 
of these are the case along with the purpose of the petitioner even stemming this is to harass and cause 
unnecessary delay. Finally, MRCP 45(f) lays out this courts power granted to sanction a party in order to 
curb abuse of such rules and Movant finds this is completely warranted given the other examples of the 
defrauding of this court and further society by the petitioner and her attorney. Movant gives the 
aforementioned as just reasons for this court to QUASH, SUPPRESS, STRIKE, AND SANCTION the 
Petitioner and her legal counsel for their knowingly unethical and unscrupulous actions in trying to further tear 
down an innocent man, father, patriot, and veteran whom for the entire time has clearly sought out equal protections 
of State and Federal Laws. Movant would harshly object in anticipation to Petitioner's council asking for a 
continuance as this matter has been delayed for long enough keeping Movant from normal exercised 
visitation with his minor child for over a year. 
Movant has stated numerous times now in this particular cause that Petitioner has a history of making false reports, 
and that retaliation resulting from her being picked up on a warrant cut by Olive Branch Police Department stemmed 
what all signs show to be another "Witch-Hunt" of the respondent Combined with the "Systemic Kidnapping” of 
the Defendant's minor child for the past year that petitioner went in gross contempt of this court's visitation 
agreement. Meanwhile, the Petitioner has continued to “bite the hand that feeds her” through the 
perpetuation of libelous, defaming, and dangerous lies that are now clearly insistent upon the 
initiation of additional proceedings outside of this court and movant states most certainly warrants 
a criminal investigation due to the continued commission of crimes which have been directed at the 
Movant. While this constitutional crisis stemmed from the petitioner and her council along with the 
assistance of certain other John and Jane Does to be listed, it is the bizarre handling of this matter 
by local agencies and even the courts that have exacerbated this issue to it now being one that quite 
frankly has grown to levels the Movant never imagined he would ever see. Not immediately 
rebuking and condemning this sort of behavior and allowing Petitioner to steadily play her guessing 
game in fishing for anything and everything to try to hang over the movants head now takes on the 
And that all of this was a conjoined effort to remove the liability off of Lafayette County, and slide the 
Mayor, Robyn Tannehill's most outspoken opponent/political adversary out of the way in order to 
suppress information and prevent electable issues and her mayoral run. 
Where is the line drawn on the extent that this county, the state, and this court aids and abets the petitioner 
and in the commission of her crimes which have been clearly stated, or is it the fact that the county, the 
state, and this court is so far committed that it refuses to turn back no matter what the petitioner does and 
gets away with? Movant puts Lafayette county and the state of Mississippi on notice of it's grievous 
violations of not only Its own state constitution and laws, but Federal Laws through the intentional 
violation of 42 USC 1985, 42 USC 1983, and furthermore have flagrantly denied Movant the equal 
protections under State and Federal Laws after previous notices of violation have been issued by Movant 
in regards to the same criminal conduct involving knowingly false accusations alleged by the petitioner in 
this cause over the last three and a half years. It is blatantly clear to see the end goal is exactly what Movant 
has asserted since May of 2017. That Movant's child has been USED as a manipulation tool by her mother, 
her attorney/attorneys, Lafayette County, and most certainly Chancery Court and Circuit Court In order 
to steer and manipulate a desirable outcome which benefits the county and the minor child's mother, and 
fully deprives Movant, a Marine Corps Veteran, of his civil rights along with his due process rights, which 
have risen beyond that of a civil matter to the level of criminal conduct by acts of criminal conspiracy. 
Movant has continuously provided notice and sought out protections by Agencies and this court which 
have neglectfully gone unheard, unnoticed, and have not been acted upon despite undeniable evidence to 
back all claims. Movant completely objects, rejects, condemns, and rebukes the actions of the responsible 
parties and this court to the highest degree for flat out refusing to assess, read, and respond to any of the 
motions and evidence brought forward by the Movant which makes clear that the petitioner is in direct 
violation of perjury, criminal conspiracy, and worse. It is beyond time that arrests and indictments be 
made in this matter, and the Movant does not deserve be be further targeted and attacked. The Movant 
should be commended for standing firm and walking tall in the face of all adversity and evil in refusing 
to settle for anything less than justice prevailing against all parties whom played a material part in the 
undeserving life altering abuse and destruction that the movant has sustained. 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Movant prays that this court dismiss this cause stemmed by petitioner on 1/28/2021 and to issue an order 
ordering each agency to stand down from petitioner's subpoena due to them being invalid and due to the 
information sought. Movant wants to see his daughter unimpeded by petitioner and prays that this court 
direct some type of fitting punishment to her and her attorney for the grievous actions they have 
demonstrated in this entire matter. Movant reasserts his counter-claim in the amount of $15,000 for time 
expended as well as mental anguish stemming. 
Movant also prays for any additional relief be it special or general for which he may be entitled 
Respectfully submitted this 25th Day of January 2021 
noe 
га 
Matthew Reardon 
Pro Se Defendant/Movant 
117 CR 401 Oxford, MS 38655 
662-812-1613 
matt@mattreardon.com