CODE OF JUDICIAL CONDUCT
Adopted by the Mississippi Supreme Court
April 4, 2002
Table of Rules
PREAMBLE
TERMINOLOGY
CANON 1 – A Judge Shall Uphold the Integrity and Independence of the Judiciary.
CANON 2 – A Judge Shall Avoid Impropriety and the Appearance of Impropriety
in All Activities.
CANON 3 – A Judge Shall Perform the Duties of Judicial Office Impartially and
Diligently.
CANON 4 – A Judge Shall So Conduct the Judge’s Extra-Judicial Activities as to
Minimize the Risk of Conflict with Judicial Obligations.
CANON 5 – A Judge or Judicial Candidate Shall Refrain From Inappropriate
Political Activity.
APPLICATION OF THE CODE OF JUDICIAL CONDUCT.
CODE OF JUDICIAL CONDUCT
Adopted by the Mississippi Supreme Court
April 4, 2002
PREAMBLE
Our legal system is based on the principle that an independent, fair and competent
judiciary will interpret and apply the laws that govern us. The role of the judiciary is
central to American concepts of justice and the rule of law. Intrinsic to all sections of this
Code are the precepts that judges, individually and collectively, must respect and honor
the judicial office as a public trust and strive to enhance and maintain confidence in our
legal system. The judge is an arbiter of facts and law for the resolution of disputes and a
highly visible symbol of government under the rule of law.
The Code of Judicial Conduct is intended to establish standards for ethical conduct
of judges. It consists of broad statements called Canons, specific rules set forth in
CANON 2
A Judge Shall Avoid Impropriety and the
Appearance of Impropriety in All Activities
A. A judge shall respect and comply with the law and shall act at all times in
a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the
judiciary.
Commentary
Public confidence in the judiciary is eroded by irresponsible or improper conduct
by judges. A judge must avoid all impropriety and appearance of impropriety. A judge
must expect to be the subject of constant public scrutiny. A judge must therefore accept
restrictions on the judge's conduct that might be viewed as burdensome by the ordinary
citizen and should do so freely and willingly.
The prohibition against behaving with impropriety or the appearance of
impropriety applies to both the professional and personal conduct of a judge. Because it
is not practicable to list all prohibited acts, the proscription is necessarily cast in general
terms that extend to conduct by judges that is harmful although not specifically mentioned
in the Code. Actual improprieties under this standard include violations of law, court
rules or other specific provisions of this Code. The test for appearance of impropriety is
whether, based on the conduct, the judge’s impartiality might be questioned by a
reasonable person knowing all the circumstances.
See also Commentary under Section 2C.
B. Judges shall not allow their family, social, or other relationships to
influence the judges’ judicial conduct or judgment. Judges shall not lend the
prestige of their offices to advance the private interests of the judges or others; nor
shall judges convey or permit others to convey the impression that they are in a
special position to influence the judges. Judges shall not testify voluntarily as
character witnesses.
Commentary
Maintaining the prestige of judicial office is essential to a system of government in
which the judiciary functions independently of the executive and legislative branches.
Respect for the judicial office facilitates the orderly conduct of legitimate judicial
functions. Judges should distinguish between proper and improper use of the prestige of
7
office in all of their activities. For example, it would be improper for judges to allude to
their judgeships to gain a personal advantage such as deferential treatment when stopped
by a police officer for a traffic offense. Similarly, judicial letterhead must not be used for
conducting a judge's personal business.
A judge must avoid lending the prestige of judicial office for the advancement of
the private interests of others. For example, a judge must not use the judge's judicial
position to gain advantage in a civil suit involving a member of the judge's family. In
contracts for publication of a judge's writings, a judge should retain control over the
advertising to avoid exploitation of the judge's office.
Although a judge should be sensitive to possible abuse of the prestige of office, a
judge may, based on the judge's personal knowledge, serve as a reference or provide a
letter of recommendation. However, a judge must not initiate the communication of
information to a sentencing judge or a probation or corrections officer but may provide
to such persons information for the record in response to a formal request.
Judges may participate in the process of judicial selection by cooperating with
appointing authorities and screening committees seeking names for consideration, and by
responding to official inquiries concerning a person being considered for a judgeship.
See also Canon 5 regarding use of a judge's name in political activities.
A judge must not testify voluntarily as a character witness because to do so may
lend the prestige of the judicial office in support of the party for whom the judge testifies.
Moreover, when a judge testifies as a witness, a lawyer who regularly appears before the
judge may be placed in the awkward position of cross-examining the judge. A judge may,
however, testify when properly summoned. Except in unusual circumstances where the
demands of justice require, a judge should discourage a party from requiring the judge to
testify as a character witness.
C. A judge shall not hold membership in any organization that practices
invidious discrimination on the basis of race, gender, religion or national origin.
Commentary
Membership of a judge in an organization that practices invidious discrimination
gives rise to perceptions that the judge's impartiality is impaired. Section 2C refers to the
current practices of the organization. Whether an organization practices invidious
discrimination is often a complex question to which judges should be sensitive. The
answer cannot be determined from a mere examination of an organization's current
membership rolls but rather depends on how the organization selects members and other
relevant factors, such as that the organization is dedicated to the preservation of
8
religious, ethnic or cultural values of legitimate common interest to its members, or that it
is in fact and effect an intimate, purely private organization whose membership
limitations could not be constitutionally prohibited. Absent such factors, an organization
is generally said to discriminate invidiously if it arbitrarily excludes from membership on
the basis of race, religion, gender or national origin persons who would otherwise be
admitted to membership. See New York State Club Ass'n. v. City of New York, U.S.
, 108 S.Ct. 2225, 101 L.Ed.2d 1 (1988); Board of Directors of Rotary International v.
Rotary Club of Duarte, 481 U.S. 537, 107 S.Ct. 1940, 95 L.Ed.2d 474 (1987); Roberts v.
United States Jaycees, 468 U.S. 609, 104 S.Ct. 3244, 82 L.Ed.2d 462 (1984).
Although Section 2C relates only to membership in organizations that invidiously
discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion or national origin, a judge's
membership in an organization that engages in any discriminatory membership practices
prohibited by the law of the jurisdiction also violates Canon 2 and Section 2A and gives
the appearance of impropriety. In addition, it would be a violation of Canon 2 and
Section 2A for a judge to arrange a meeting at a club that the judge knows practices
invidious discrimination on the basis of race, gender, religion or national origin in its
membership or other policies, or for the judge to regularly use such a club. Moreover,
public manifestation by a judge of the judge's knowing approval of invidious
discrimination on any basis gives the appearance of impropriety under Canon 2 and
diminishes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary, in violation
of Section 2A.
When a person who is a judge on the date this Code becomes effective learns that
an organization to which the judge belongs engages in invidious discrimination that
would preclude membership under Section 2C or under Canon 2 and Section 2A, the
judge is permitted, in lieu of resigning, to make immediate efforts to have the
organization discontinue its invidiously discriminatory practices, but is required to
suspend participation in any other activities of the organization. If the organization fails
to discontinue its invidiously discriminatory practices as promptly as possible (and in all
events within a year of the judge's first learning of the practices), the judge is required to
resign immediately from the organization.
CANON 3
A Judge Shall Perform the Duties of Judicial Office
Impartially and Diligently
A. Judicial Duties in General. The judicial duties of judges take precedence
over all their other activities. The judges’ judicial duties include all the duties of
their office prescribed by law. In the performance of these duties, the following
standards apply:
9
B. Adjudicative Responsibilities.
(1) A judge shall hear and decide all assigned matters within the judge’s
jurisdiction except those in which disqualification is required.
(2) A judge shall be faithful to the law and maintain professional competence
in it. A judge shall not be swayed by partisan interests, public clamor, or fear of
criticism.
(3) A judge shall require order and decorum in proceedings before the judge.
(4) Judges shall be patient, dignified, and courteous to litigants, jurors,
witnesses, lawyers, and others with whom they deal in their official capacities, and
shall require similar conduct of lawyers, and of their staffs, court officials, and
others subject to their direction and control.
Commentary
The duty to hear all proceedings fairly and with patience is not inconsistent with
the duty to dispose promptly of the business of the court. Courts can be efficient and
business like while being patient and deliberate.
(5) A judge shall perform judicial duties without bias or prejudice. A judge
shall not, in the performance of judicial duties, by words or conduct manifest bias or
prejudice, including but not limited to bias or prejudice based upon race, gender,
religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation or socioeconomic status,
and shall not permit staff, court officials and others subject to the judge's direction
and control to do so. A judge shall refrain from speech, gestures or other conduct
that could reasonably be perceived as sexual harassment and shall require the same
standard of conduct of others subject to the judge’s direction and control.
Commentary
A judge must perform judicial duties impartially and fairly. A judge who manifests
bias on any basis in a proceeding impairs the fairness of the proceeding and brings the
judiciary into disrepute. Facial expression and body language, in addition to oral
communication, can give to parties or lawyers in the proceeding, jurors, the media and
others an appearance of judicial bias. A judge must be alert to avoid behavior that may
be perceived as prejudicial.
(6) A judge shall require lawyers in proceedings before the judge to refrain
from manifesting, by words or conduct, bias or prejudice based upon race, gender,
religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation or socioeconomic status,
10
against parties, witnesses, counsel or others. This Section 3B(6) does not preclude
legitimate advocacy when race, gender, religion, national origin, disability, age,
sexual orientation or socioeconomic status, or other similar factors, are issues in the
proceeding.
(7) A judge shall accord to all who are legally interested in a proceeding, or
their lawyers, the right to be heard according to law. A judge shall not initiate,
permit, or consider ex parte communications, or consider other communications
made to the judge outside the presence of the parties concerning a pending or
impending proceeding except that:
(a) where circumstances require, ex parte communications for
scheduling, administrative purposes or emergencies that do not deal
with substantive matters or issues on the merits are authorized:
provided:
(i) the judge reasonably believes that no party will
gain a procedural or tactical advantage as a result of the
ex parte communication, and
(ii) the judge makes provision promptly to notify all
other parties of the substance of the ex parte
communication and allows an opportunity to respond.
(b) Judges may obtain the advice of a disinterested expert on the
law applicable to a proceeding before them if the judges give notice to
the parties of the person consulted and the substance of the advice, and
afford the parties reasonable opportunity to respond.
(c) A judge may consult with court personnel whose function is
to aid the judge in carrying out the judge's adjudicative responsibilities
or with other judges.
(d) A judge may, with the consent of the parties, confer
separately with the parties and their lawyers in an effort to mediate or
settle matters pending before the judge.
(e) A judge may initiate or consider any ex parte
communications when expressly authorized by law to do so.
11
The proscription against communications concerning a proceeding includes
communications from lawyers, law teachers, and other persons who are not participants
in the proceeding, except to the limited extent permitted. To the extent reasonably
possible, all parties or their lawyers shall be included in communications with a judge.
Whenever presence of a party or notice to a party is required by Section 3B(7), it is the
party's lawyer, or if the party is unrepresented, the party, who is to be present or to whom
notice is to be given.
An appropriate and often desirable procedure for a court to obtain the advice of a
disinterested expert on legal issues is to invite the expert to file a brief amicus curiae.
Certain ex parte communication is approved by Section 3B(7) to facilitate
scheduling and other administrative purposes and to accommodate emergencies. In
general, however, a judge must discourage ex parte communication and allow it only if
all the criteria stated in Section 3B(7) are clearly met. A judge must disclose to all parties
all ex parte communications described in Sections 3B(7)(a) and 3B(7)(b) regarding a
proceeding pending or impending before the judge. A judge must not independently
investigate facts in a case and must consider only the evidence presented.
A judge may request a party to submit proposed findings of fact and conclusions of
law, so long as the other parties are apprized of the request and are given an opportunity
to respond to the proposed findings and conclusions.
A judge must make reasonable efforts, including the provision of appropriate
supervision, to ensure that Section 3B(7) is not violated through law clerks or other
personnel on the judge's staff.
If communication between the trial judge and the appellate court with respect to a
proceeding is permitted, a copy of any written communication or the substance of any
oral communication should be provided to all parties.
(8) A judge shall dispose of all judicial matters promptly, efficiently and
fairly.
Commentary
In disposing of matters promptly, efficiently and fairly, a judge must demonstrate
due regard for the rights of the parties to be heard and to have issues resolved without
unnecessary cost or delay. Containing costs while preserving fundamental rights of
parties also protects the interests of witnesses and the general public. A judge should
monitor and supervise cases so as to reduce or eliminate dilatory practices, avoidable
delays and unnecessary costs. A judge should encourage and seek to facilitate settlement,
13
but parties should not feel coerced into surrendering the right to have their controversy
resolved by the courts.
Prompt disposition of the court's business requires a judge to devote adequate time
to judicial duties, to be punctual in attending court and expeditious in determining
matters under submission, and to insist that court officials, litigants and their lawyers
cooperate with the judge to that end.
(9) A judge shall not, while a proceeding is pending or impending in any
court, make any public comment that might reasonably be expected to affect its
outcome or impair its fairness or make any nonpublic comment that might
substantially interfere with a fair trial or hearing. The judge shall require similar
abstention on the part of court personnel subject to the judge's direction and
control. This Section does not prohibit judges from making public statements in the
course of their official duties or from explaining for public information the
procedures of the court. This Section does not apply to proceedings in which the
judge is a litigant in a personal capacity.
Commentary
The requirement that judges abstain from public comment regarding a pending or
impending proceeding continues during any appellate process and until final disposition.
This Section does not prohibit a judge from commenting on proceedings in which the
judge is a litigant in a personal capacity, but in cases such as a writ of mandamus where
the judge is a litigant in an official capacity, the judge must not comment publicly. The
conduct of lawyers relating to trial publicity is governed by Rule 3.6 of the Rules of
Professional Conduct.
(10) A judge shall not commend or criticize jurors for their verdict other than
in a court order or opinion in a proceeding, but may express appreciation to jurors
for their service to the judicial system and the community.
Commentary
Commending or criticizing jurors for their verdict may imply a judicial
expectation in future cases and may impair a juror's ability to be fair and impartial in a
subsequent case.
(11) A judge shall not disclose or use, for any purpose unrelated to judicial
duties, nonpublic information acquired in a judicial capacity.
(12) Except as may be authorized by rule or order of the Supreme Court, a
judge should prohibit broadcasting, televising, recording, or taking photographs in
14
the courtroom and areas immediately adjacent thereto during sessions of court or
recesses between sessions, except that a judge may authorize:
(a) the use of electronic or photographic means for the
presentation of evidence, for the perpetuation of a record, or for other
purposes of judicial administration;
(b) the broadcasting, televising, recording, or photographing of
investitive, ceremonial, or naturalization proceedings;
(c) the photographic or electronic recording and reproduction of
appropriate court proceedings under the following conditions:
(i) the means of recording will not distract
participants or impair the dignity of the proceedings;
(ii) the parties have consented, and the consent to
being depicted or recorded has been obtained from each
witness appearing in the recording and reproduction;
(iii) the reproduction will not be exhibited until
after the proceeding has been concluded and all direct
appeals have been exhausted; and
(iv) the reproduction will be exhibited only for
instructional purposes in educational institutions.
Commentary
The ABA Model Code does not address broadcasting, televising, recording or
photographing in the courtroom. This provision is taken from the Section 3A(7) of the
prior Mississippi Code of Judicial Conduct.
Section 3B(12) prohibits broadcasting, televising, recording, or taking
photographs in the courtroom and areas immediately adjacent thereto except as
authorized by rule or order of the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court has now adopted
the Rules for Electronic and Photographic Coverage of Proceedings which provides
detailed guidance for such coverage.
[Commentary amended effective April 17, 2003.]
C. Administrative Responsibilities.
15
(1) A judge shall diligently discharge the judge's administrative
responsibilities without bias or prejudice and maintain professional competence in
judicial administration, and shall cooperate with other judges and court officials in
the administration of court business.
(2) A judge shall require staff, court officials and others subject to the judge's
direction and control to observe the standards of fidelity and diligence that apply to
the judge and to refrain from manifesting bias or prejudice in the performance of
their official duties.
(3) A judge with supervisory authority for the judicial performance of other
judges shall take reasonable measures to assure the prompt disposition of matters
before them and the proper performance of their other judicial responsibilities.
(4) A judge shall not make unnecessary appointments. A judge shall exercise
the power of appointment impartially and on the basis of merit. A judge shall avoid
nepotism and favoritism. A judge shall not approve compensation of appointees
beyond the fair value of services rendered.
Commentary
Appointees of a judge include assigned counsel, officials such as referees,
commissioners, special masters, receivers and guardians and personnel such as clerks,
secretaries and bailiffs. Consent by the parties to an appointment or an award of
compensation does not relieve the judge of the obligation prescribed by Section 3C(4).
(5) A judge shall not appoint a major donor to the judge’s election campaign
to a position if the judge knows or learns by means of a timely motion that the major
donor has contributed to the judge's election campaign unless
(a) the position is substantially uncompensated;
(b) the person has been selected in rotation from a list of
qualified and available persons compiled without regard to their
having made political contributions; or
(c) the judge or another presiding or administrative judge
affirmatively finds that no other person is willing, competent and able
to accept the position.
D. Disciplinary Responsibilities.
16
(1) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that
another judge has committed a violation of this Code should take appropriate
action. A judge having knowledge that another judge has committed a violation of
this Code that raises a substantial question as to the other judge's fitness for office
shall inform the appropriate authority.
(2) A judge who receives information indicating a substantial likelihood that a
lawyer has committed a violation of the Rules of Professional Conduct should take
appropriate action. A judge having knowledge that a lawyer has committed a
violation of the Rules of Professional Conduct that raises a substantial question as to
the lawyer's honesty, trustworthiness or fitness as a lawyer in other respects shall
inform the appropriate authority.
(3) Acts of a judge, in the discharge of disciplinary responsibilities, required
or permitted by Sections 3D(1) and 3D(2) are part of a judge's judicial duties and
shall be absolutely privileged, and no civil action predicated thereon may be
instituted against the judge.
Commentary
Appropriate action may include direct communication with the judge or lawyer
who has committed the violation, other direct action if available, and reporting the
violation to the appropriate authority or other agency or body.
E. Disqualification.
(1) Judges should disqualify themselves in proceedings in which their
impartiality might be questioned by a reasonable person knowing all the
circumstances or for other grounds provided in the Code of Judicial Conduct or
otherwise as provided by law, including but not limited to instances where:
Commentary
Under this rule, a judge should disqualify himself or herself whenever the judge's
impartiality might be questioned by a reasonable person knowing all the circumstances,
regardless whether any of the specific rules in Section 3E(1) apply.
A judge should disclose on the record information that the judge believes the
parties or their lawyers might consider relevant to the question of disqualification, even if
the judge believes there is no real basis for disqualification.
By decisional law, the rule of necessity may override the rule of disqualification.
For example, a judge might be required to participate in judicial review of a judicial
17
salary statute, or might be the only judge available in a matter requiring immediate
judicial action, such as a hearing on probable cause or a temporary restraining order. In
the latter case, the judge must disclose on the record the basis for possible
disqualification and use reasonable efforts to transfer the matter to another judge as soon
as practicable.
For procedures concerning motions for recusal and review by the Supreme Court
of denial of motions for recusal as to trial court judges, see M.R.C.P. 16A, URCCC 1.15,
Unif. Chanc. R. 1.11, and M.R.A.P. 48B. For procedures concerning motions for recusal
of judges of the Court of Appeals or Supreme Court justices, see M.R.A.P. 27(a).
(a) the judge has a personal bias or prejudice concerning a
party, or personal knowledge of disputed evidentiary facts concerning
the proceeding;
(b) the judge served as lawyer in the matter in controversy, or a
lawyer with whom the judge previously practiced law served during
such association as a lawyer concerning the matter, or the judge or
such lawyer has been a material witness concerning it;
Commentary
A lawyer in a government agency does not ordinarily have an association with
other lawyers employed by that agency within the meaning of Section 3E(1)(b); judges
formerly employed by a government agency, however, should disqualify themselves in a
proceeding if the judges’ impartiality might reasonably be questioned because of such
association.
(c) the judge knows that the judge, individually or as a fiduciary,
or the judge's spouse or member of the judge’s family residing in the
judge’s household, has a financial interest in the subject matter in
controversy or in a party to the proceeding, or any other interest that
could be substantially affected by the outcome of the proceeding;
(d) the judge or the judge's spouse, or a person within the third
degree of relationship to either of them, or the spouse of such a person:
(i) is a party to the proceeding, or an officer,
director, or trustee of a party;
(ii) is acting as a lawyer in the proceeding;
18