IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
VS. 
PLAINTIFF 
2017 MAY -1 PM 3:48 
CHANN 
CAUSE NUMBER: CV-2016-422W 
DEFENDANT 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
упоре... 
PETITION FOR CITATION OF CONTEMPT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Phyllis Marie Crowder, and files this her Petition for Citation of 
Contempt against the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, and in support thereof would respectfully 
show unto the Court the following: 
1. 
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter. 
2. 
That the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County, 
Mississippi, and may be served with process at his residence in Lafayette County, Mississippi, or 
wherever he may be found. 
3. 
That on August, 2016, This Court entered an Order regarding child support, a true and correct 
copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit “A”. 
4. 
That the Defendant herein, Matthew Oliver Reardon, has willfully and contumaciously failed to 
pay child support as Ordered. 
5. 
That the Defendant herein, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is in both criminal contempt and civil 
contempt of this Court for his willful failure and/or refusal to abide by the Orders of this Court. 
6. 
Plaintiff would show that Defendant Matthew Oliver Reardon should be required to pay to the 
Petitioner, Phyllis Marie Crowder, a reasonable sum as attorney's fees for having to bring forth this 
action and that all costs of Court should be taxed to Matthew Oliver Reardon. 
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder respectfully 
requests that the Court grant unto her the following relief: 
1. That the Court cite Matthew Oliver Reardon with both civil and criminal contempt of 
Court for his willful violation of the Orders entered in this cause as stated above, and that the Court 
issue such orders as it finds necessary to restore his respect for the Court and coerce him into 
compliance with said Orders, including, but not limited to, orders of incarceration or monetary fines; 
2. That Phyllis Marie Crowder be granted a judgment against Matthew Oliver Reardon for 
her reasonable attorney's fees and costs suffered in bringing this matter; and, 
3. And if mistaken for the relief prayed for and entitled to, then the Plaintiff prays for such 
other, further, general, specific or special relief to which she may be entitled. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, this the 
MONA T. PITTMAN, ESQUIRE P. O. Box 2958 
Oxford, Mississippi 38655 Telephone: (662) 234-9346 Facsimile: (888) 922-5946 mona@panola.com 
day of 
Mas 
.2017. 
Prona Pla Топа 
MONA T. PITTMAN, MSB # 9754 Attorney for the Plaintiff 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I, MONA T. PITTMAN, do hereby certify that I have this date mailed, by United States Mail, 
postage prepaid, a true and correct of the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt to the 
following: 
This the 
главное 
day of 
May 
2017. 
Dana Pile 
MONA T. PITTMAN 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid County and 
State, the within named, Phyllis Marie Crowder, who, after being first duly sworn, states that the 
matters contained in the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt are true and correct as 
therein stated. 
This the 
day of May, 2017. 
Phyllis Marie Crowder 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME, this the 
day of April, 2017. 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
SJADE OF MISSTRAD 
LAFAYET IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
2016 AUG -8 PM 2:49 
IN THE MATTER OF THE CUSTODY OF LYDIA ELISE REARDON 
BY DEN 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON and 
CAUSE NO.: CV 2016-422 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
AGREED ORDER TO ESTABLISH PATERNITY, CHILD CUSTODY, AND CHILD SUPPORT 
CO-PLAINTIFFS 
CAME ON for hearing in the above-referenced matter on the Joint Complaint to 
Establish Paternity, Child Custody, and Child Support filed by Co-Plaintiffs Matthew Oliver 
Reardon and Phyllis Marie Crowder and the Court finding that it has jurisdiction over the subject 
matter herein and of the parties hereto, and having been advised that the parties have reached an 
agreement hereby finds as follows: 
1. 
That on August 19, 2014, Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder gave birth to a female 
child, namely Lydia Elise Reardon (the "Minor Child"); 
2. 
That the Minor Child presently resides with Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder at 22 
County Road 422, Water Valley, Lafayette County, Mississippi, and has done so since on or 
about July 8, 2016; 
3. That neither party has participated, as a party or witness or in any other capacity, 
in any other proceeding concerning the custody of or visitation with the Minor Child; 
EXHIBIT 
A 
SCANNED 
VA 
4. 
That neither party knows of any other proceeding that could affect the current 
proceeding, including proceedings for enforcement and proceedings relating to domestic 
violence, protective orders, termination of parental rights, or adoptions; 
5. That neither party knows of any other person not a party to this proceeding that 
has physical custody of, or claims rights of legal custody of, or visitation with, the Minor Child; 
That neither party has been married one to the other; 
6. 
7. 
That Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon has accepted his paternity of the Minor 
Child by signing the Minor Child's birth certificate; 
8. 
That Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon is hereby found to be the natural father of 
the Minor Child; 
9. 
That the parties are both fit and proper to have full care, custody and control of 
the Minor Child; 
10. 
That the parties have reached an agreement as to the custody and support of the 
Minor Child as more fully set forth in that document styled Child Custody, Visitation and Child 
Support Agreement, of which a true and correct copy of said document is attached hereto as 
Exhibit "A" and incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
IT IS THEREFORE, ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the custody and support of 
Lydia Elise Reardon shall be provided in accord with the provisions of the Child Custody, 
Visitation and Child Support Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit "A" and said agreement is 
hereby incorporated herein. 
SO ORDERED AND ADJUDGED, this __ day of August, 2016. 
Restel waitwen 
-2- 
Chancery Judge 
AGREED AND APPROV 
в 
AGREED AND APPROVED 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
APPROVED AS TO FORM: 
APPROVED AS TO FORM: 
J. RHEA TANNEHILL, JR. Counsel for Lizzy Crowder 
ANDY T. ARANT, JR. Counsel for Matt Beardon 
Younse 
-3-- 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE MATTER OF THE CUSTODY OF 
LYDIA ELISE REARDON 
CAUSE NO.: _CV2016-422 
CHILD CUSTODY, VISITATION AND CHILD SUPPORT AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into this date by and between MATTHEW 
OLIVER REARDON, hereinafter referred to as "Father" and PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER, 
hereinafter referred to as "Mother". 
WITNESSETH 
WHEREAS, the parties to this agreement have a child together, namely, Lydia Elise 
Reardon; and no more are expected; and 
WHEREAS, the Father and Mother do desire to settle and adjust out of court, all rights 
and obligations which do or may exist between them; and 
WHEREAS, both parties are voluntarily executing this agreement free of undue 
influence, duress, and free from any cause, reason, promise, or consideration other than set out in 
this agreement. 
WHEREAS, both parties have been advised that, pursuant to Rule 8.05 of the Uniform 
Chancery Court Rules, each party in every domestic case involving economic issues and/or 
property division shall provide the opposite party or counsel certain disclosures as specifically 
spelled out in the rule unless excused by Order of the Court. Rule 8.05 includes requirement of 
the following disclosures: 
1. A detailed written statement of actual income, expenses, assets and liabilities, 
such a statement to be in the form as attached to the Rule; 
2. 
Copies of the proceeding years Federal and State Tax Returns, in full form as 
filed, or copies of W-2's if the return has not yet been filed; 
3. 
Both parties have been advised of their right to receive the financial statement and 
disclosure set forth in Rule 8,05 of the Uniform Chancery Court Rules as well as the beneficial 
effect of imposition of said Rule. The parties hereby waive the right to receive the information 
set forth in Rule 8.05 of the Uniform Chancery Court Rules. 
WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into an agreement with regard to their respective 
rights and obligations in an amicable and mutually acceptable manner. Agreements herein set 
forth, the parties do agree as follows: 
CHILD CUSTODY 
The parties agree that they will share joint legal custody of Lydia Elise Reardon and that 
Mother shall have primary and paramount physical custody, care, and control of the child of the 
parties, subject to standard visitation rights of Father and in no event less than those visitation 
rights set out in the following visitation schedule. 
CHILD SUPPORT 
Monthly Support. Father shall pay child support for the use and benefit of the minor 
child in the amount of Six Hundred Dollars ($600.00) per month, said amount being paid directly 
from Father to Mother for the benefit of the minor child until the minor child is twenty-one years 
of age or has otherwise become emancipated as the term is defined at law. The first payment 
shall be due and payable by August 15, 2016, with each successive payment due and payable on 
the fifteenth (15) day of each month thereafter. 
Health Insurance. The minor child currently qualifies for Medicaid, and it is anticipated 
2 
that she will continue to do so. It is the duty of the Mother to make any and all deliberate efforts 
to meet any requirements necessary to continue to keep the minor child insured under Medicaid. 
Should the minor child not be insured by Medicaid, then the Father will be responsible for health 
insurance for the minor child. Father and Mother will half the cost of any medical, 
hospitalization, pharmaceutical, dental, orthodontic, optometric, or mental health expenses of the 
child of the parties which may be incurred by the child of the parties which are not covered by 
Medicaid or health insurance. 
Life Insurance. The Father will purchase a life insurance policy on himself in the 
amount of $100,000 with Lydia Elise Reardon as the sole irrevocable beneficiary. The Father 
shall keep such a policy in place until the minor child is twenty-one years of age. 
Likewise, the Mother will purchase a life insurance policy on herself in the amount of 
$100,000 with Lydia Elise Reardon as the sole irrevocable beneficiary. The Mother shall keep 
such a policy in place until the minor child is twenty-one years of age. 
Education. Mother and Father shall be equally responsible for all reasonable college 
expenses of the minor child until such time as the minor child becomes self-supportive, 
emancipated, married or an adult. The college shall be selected by the parties in timely 
consultation with each other. The parties shall consider the preference, qualifications, and 
abilities of the minor child and the financial resources available. Said expenses include, but are 
not limited to, tuition at a state college not to exceed that charged at the University of Mississippi 
for in-state students, room, board, allowance, books, fees, and transportation to and from school. 
Any scholarships or funds received from an educational trust fund or from a third party will be 
exhausted or used first and credited against any responsibility for these expenses. The minor 
child must maintain a “C” or better average and be a full-time student making the normally 
3 
scheduled progress for receiving her degree on a four (4) year schedule. Both parties will have 
full access to college records. All payments made pursuant to the provisions for support during 
college will be made directly to the provider. 
Extracurricular Activities. The Father and Mother will half the cost of any and all 
extracurricular activities for the minor child until the age of twenty-one, which shall include 
lessons, camps and/or sports activities. The total amount of cost payable by the Father pursuant 
to the provisions of this paragraph shall be limited to Six Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($600.00) 
each year. 
Taxes. Marie Phyllis Crowder shall claim the minor child of the parties as a dependent 
for state and federal income tax purposes each year. 
VISITATION 
(a) 
WEEKENDS: Until such time as the minor child begins attending kindergarten, 
Father shall have visitation with the minor child every other weekend from Saturday morning at 
8:00 o'clock a.m., until 8:00 p.m. on Sunday evening beginning immediately upon the execution 
of this Child Custody, Visitation, Child Support, and Property Settlement Agreement. 
Once the minor child begins attending kindergarten, Father shall have visitation with the 
minor child every other weekend from Friday afternoon at 5:00 o'clock a.m., until 5:00 p.m. on 
Sunday afternoon. 
Father shall be responsible for transportation. However, should either of the parties move 
their residence so that it is more than One Hundred (100) miles straight line distance from the 
other party's residence, then both Mother and Father shall meet at a mutually agreeable site 
which is located approximately halfway between their respective residences in order to exchange 
custody of the minor child. 
4 
(b) OFF WEEKS: On the weeks that the Father does not have weekend visitation and 
until such time as the minor child begins attending kindergarten, he shall have a 24 hour 
visitation in his home with the minor child beginning on Wednesday. This visitation shall begin 
at noon. 
Once the minor child begins attending kindergarten, the off week visitation provided for 
by this paragraph shall cease. 
(c) 
HOLIDAYS: The parties shall alternate visitation with the minor child the 
following holidays each year according to the following schedule: 
(1.) EASTER: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Easter on 
each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Thursday prior to Good Friday until 5:00 o'clock 
p.m. on Easter Sunday and Mother shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Easter 
each odd year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. Thursday prior to Good Friday until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on 
Easter Sunday. 
(2.) 
MEMORIAL DAY: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for 
Memorial Day on each odd year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to Memorial Day 
until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on Memorial Day and the Mother shall have holiday visitation with the 
minor child for Memorial Day each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to 
Memorial Day until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on Memorial Day. 
(3.) 
INDEPENDENCE DAY: Father shall have visitation with the minor child from 
8:00 a.m. until 10:00 p.m. on July 4th each even year and Mother shall have visitation with the 
minor child from 8:00 a.m. until 10:00 p.m. on July 4* each odd year. 
(4.) LABOR DAY: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Labor 
Day on each odd year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to Labor Day until 5:00 o'clock 
5 
p.m. on Labor Day and Mother shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Labor Day 
each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to Labor Day until 5:00 o'clock p.m. 
on Labor Day. 
(5.) 
THANKSGIVING: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for 
Thanksgiving Day on each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Wednesday prior to 
Thanksgiving until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday after Thanksgiving and Mother shall have 
holiday visitation with the minor child for Thanksgiving Day each odd year from 5:00 o'clock 
p.m. on the Wednesday prior to Thanksgiving Day until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday after 
Thanksgiving. 
(6.) 
CHRISTMAS: Each of the parties shall have visitation with the minor child for at 
least one week during the Christmas Holidays each year. Mother shall have Christmas visitation 
beginning from the time the minor child is discharged from school for the Christmas holidays 
until 6:00 p.m. on December 25* each even year and Father shall have Christmas visitation 
beginning at 6:00 p.m. on December 25th of each even year for one (1) week. Father and Mother 
shall follow the opposite schedule for Christmas visitation in odd years. Accordingly, the minor 
child shall spend the New Years' Holiday with the party who did not have Christmas Eve each 
year. However, the parties agree that this visitation schedule shall be modified so as to ensure 
that each party has at least one (1) week of visitation during the Christmas Holidays. 
(d.) 
With regard to these special days; 
(1) 
MOTHER'S DAY: Mother shall have visitation with her minor child each 
Mother's Day regardless of whose weekend it may fall on, commencing at 5:00 p.m. on the 
Friday prior to Mother's Day and ending at 5:00 p.m. on Mother's Day. 
(2) FATHER'S DAY; Father shall have visitation with the minor child each Father's 
6 
Day regardless of whose weekend it may fall on, commencing at 5:00 p.m. on the Friday prior to 
Father's Day and ending at 5:00 p.m. on Father's Day, 
(e.) PRECEDENCE: The aforesaid Holiday Visitation Schedule shall supersede and 
take precedence over regular weekend visitation. 
(f.) OTHER VISITATION: Father shall have the right of visitation with the child upon 
reasonable request and shall have such other periods of visitation as may be mutually agreed 
upon by and between the parties without the necessity of the modification of the Child Custody, 
Child Support and Settlement Agreement entered into by the parties. Such agreement shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
(g.) OVERNIGHT GUEST: Both parties agree that both parties will not have an 
overnight guest of the opposite sex stay overnight while they are in custody of the child. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
1. COUNSELING. The Father agrees to be under the care of a counselor, and fulfill the 
treatment obligations as outlined by said counselor. At a minimum, this treatment shall include 
weekly counseling sessions. Failure to meet these requirements shall be deemed a violation of 
this agreement. 
Likewise, the Mother agrees to be under the care of a counselor, and fulfill the treatment 
obligations as outlined by said counselor. At a minimum, this treatment shall include weekly 
counseling sessions. Failure to meet these requirements shall be deemed a violation of this 
agreement. 
2. NECESSARY DOCUMENTS. Each party at the request of the other will execute 
and deliver all documents that may be necessary to give full effect to this Agreement. 
3. NONCOMPLIANCE. Should either party incur any legal fees as a result of the 
7 
breach of any portion of this Child Custody, Visitation, Child Support, and Property Settlement 
Agreement by the other party, the Court shall award reasonable attorney's fees and suit expenses 
to the nondefaulting party. No breach, waiver, or default of any of the terms of this Agreement 
shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default of any of the terms of this 
Agreement. 
4. MODIFICATION. A modification or waiver of any of the provisions of this 
Agreement shall be effective only if made in writing and executed with the same formality as 
this Agreement, and approved by the Court if such approval is required. Failure of either party 
to insist upon strict performances of any of the provisions of this agreement shall not be 
construed as a waiver of any subsequent default of the same or similar nature. 
5. REPRESENTATION. Each party hereto agrees that no representation of any kind 
whatsoever has been made to him or her as an inducement to enter into this agreement, other that 
the representations set forth herein, and that this agreement contains all the terms for the contract 
between the two parties hereto. 
A. Both the legal and practical effect of this agreement has been fully explained to both 
parties, and they both acknowledge that it is a fair agreement and it is not the result of any 
misrepresentation, fraud, duress, or undue influence exercised by either party upon the other, or 
by any person or persons upon either and they further agree that this agreement contains the 
entire understandings and all the covenants and the agreements by and between the parties. This 
agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefits of heirs, executors, and administrators 
of the parties hereto. 
B. Mother is represented by J. Rhea Tannehill, Jr. of Oxford, and Father is represented by 
Andy Arant of Oxford. J. Rhea Tannehill, Jr.'s representation of Mother, and Andy Arant's 
8 
representation of the Father shall end after entry of an Order of Child Custody, Visitation and 
Child Support Agreement in this matter. 
C. That the parties agree to hold harmless J. Rhea Tannehill, Jr. and/or Andy Arant for any tax consequences that they may have as a result of this agreement as they have not sought or received advice or counseling in that matter. 
D. It is further agreed and understood by and between the parties that this is a full and complete contract and division of the same may be submitted to the Court of proper venue and jurisdiction for approval or disapproval by decree or otherwise. 
The undersigned hereby affirmatively state that the terms hereto set out are acceptable to each of them. And further, the Father, MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON, would state unto the Court that he is financially able to meet the terms of this agreement. The Mother, PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER, would also state unto the Court that she is capable of providing the 
necessary support for herself. 
It is mutually understood and agreed between the parties hereto that this contract shall 
take effect immediately and the terms shall be reckoned from the 
August 
2016. 
3 
day of 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
This day personally came and appeared before me, the undersigned authority within and for the aforesaid County and State within named MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON who acknowledged that he signed, executed and delivered the above and forgoing Child Custody, Visitation and Child Support Agreement on the date thereof as and for his individual act and 
9 
3rd 
day of 
agreement of his own free will. 
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 
mea & mitt 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Expires: 8/20/2016 
My Commission Expires: 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
August 
2016. 
STATE 
DONNA 
SISSIPPI 
SMITH 
ID No 90743 
NOTARY PUBLIC Comm Expires 
August 20, 2016 
LAFAYETTE 
* 
COUNTY 
This day personally came and appeared before me, the undersigned authority within and for the aforesaid County and State within named PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER, who acknowledged that she signed, executed and delivered the above and forgoing Child Custody, Visitation and Child Support Agreement on the date thereof as and for her individual act and agreement of her own free will. 
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 
ан 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
My Commission Expires: 
ANGIE 
3rd 
day of 
•August 
2016. 
ALLEN 
"NOTARY PUBLIO- 
ID No. 107824 
My Comm Expires Jan 6, 2018 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
10