FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPISSISSIPPI 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
2021 JAN 26 PM 4:30 
CHANCERY CLERK 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER-KESTER 
) 
DY DC 
TJ 
CV2016-422W 
V. 
) 
NO. 
) 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
AMENDED MOTION TO QUASH, SUPPRESS, AND SANCTION PETITIONER AND PETITIONER'S LEGAL COUNCIL 
Comes now before the court Matthew Reardon, your confused, mentally anguished, and dumfounded Respondent/Defendant, and hereby moves this court to quash, suppress, and sanction the Petitioner and her legal counsel after their continued insistence through "grabbing at straws" after one failed attempt after another failed attempt to unfairly berate and overwhelm the defendant by continuing to go down additional avenues or "rabbit holes." Movant states before this court that this is precisely the case yet again and the motive and reasoning behind the latest move by petitioner and her council to Subpoena records from 4 law enforcement agencies should be abundantly clear to this court that the Petitioner and her council's soul goal at this point is to cause or create 
unnecessary delay in order to further harass and victimize the Movant on matters that the plaintiff and her council knowingly caused and/or played a significant part in creating. There are several major issues at hand now that 
this court has been made complete aware of which include among others the Petitioner's Attorney knowingly 
defrauding this court as well as the defendant/respondent through filing a fraudulent petition in which the 
notarized affidavit was duplicated and used twice. The September 30th, 2020 Petition filed by the Petitioner 
is attested to August 26, 2020 which was the original petition filed. The Notary attested to the document from 
August 26, 2020 not September 30th, 2020. This is an incurable error, an error that cannot be characterized 
as a "Clerical Error" and one of profoundly serious nature because of the liability such careless and negligent 
actions pose on the notary public herself. Petitioner's Attorney even had the audacity to not even so much as 
issue a response in the 10-day window allotted for response further showing the willful and intentional efforts 
SCANNED 
of these are the case along with the purpose of the petitioner even stemming this is to harass and cause 
unnecessary delay. Finally, MRCP 45(f) lays out this courts power granted to sanction a party in order to 
curb abuse of such rules and Movant finds this is completely warranted given the other examples of the defrauding of this court and further society by the petitioner and her attorney. Movant gives the aforementioned as just reasons for this court to QUASH, SUPPRESS, STRIKE, AND SANCTION the 
Petitioner and her legal counsel for their knowingly unethical and unscrupulous actions in trying to further tear 
down an innocent man, father, patriot, and veteran whom for the entire time has clearly sought out equal protections 
of State and Federal Laws. Movant would harshly object in anticipation to Petitioner's council asking for a 
continuance as this matter has been delayed for long enough keeping Movant from normal exercised 
visitation with his minor child for over a year. 
Movant has stated numerous times now in this particular cause that Petitioner has a history of making false reports, 
and that retaliation resulting from her being picked up on a warrant cut by Olive Branch Police Department stemmed 
what all signs show to be another "Witch-Hunt" of the respondent Combined with the "Systemic Kidnapping" of 
the Defendant's minor child for the past year that petitioner went in gross contempt of this court's visitation 
agreement. Meanwhile, the Petitioner has continued to "bite the hand that feeds her" through the 
perpetuation of libelous, defaming, and dangerous lies that are now clearly insistent upon the 
initiation of additional proceedings outside of this court and movant states most certainly warrants 
a criminal investigation due to the continued commission of crimes which have been directed at the 
Movant. While this constitutional crisis stemmed from the petitioner and her council along with the 
assistance of certain other John and Jane Does to be listed, it is the bizarre handling of this matter 
by local agencies and even the courts that have exacerbated this issue to it now being one that quite 
frankly has grown to levels the Movant never imagined he would ever see. Not immediately 
rebuking and condemning this sort of behavior and allowing Petitioner to steadily play her guessing 
game in fishing for anything and everything to try to hang over the movants head now takes on the 
face of fully condoning this type of despicable behavior. Sadly enough it doesn't stop there as the Lafayette County sheriffs department and Olive Branch Municipal Court have even gone so far as to target and even arrest the Movant, once again a USMC Veteran, for seeking out protections of the laws in his full expectation to be afforded equal protections under the laws of Mississippi, further outlined in Article 3 of the Mississippi Constitution, and concreted absolute by way of the 14th Amendment of the US Constitution, which Movant feels has been completely decimated over the past few months through the completely jaw dropping criminal acts and acts of condoning. Movant now asserts an absolute necessity for a Racketeering Probe to take place and for the proper authorities to immediately intervene without delay in order to halt and deter the level of criminal conduct that mimics the exact same criminal conduct aggrieved in May of 2017 which Movant has gathered all evidence to prove beyond all reasonable doubt was a staged crime that never actually occurred in order to silence, disarm, and get rid of the Movant due to the civil and criminal liability that certain private individuals including the petitioner and her attorney have created with the help of certain elected officials and government employees directly brought about due to their malice choices and acts. The Petitioner and her attorney Mona Pittman are in fact two of the most guiltiest of parties due to the extensive part they played in everything which is why the petitioners attorney went to the extents she went to in 2017 to shield herself even though Movant has not had any contact with her outside of serving her a response to a court filing on May 8, 2017 which there is video evidence of. It is more than a coincidence that petitioners attorney just so happened to not only file petitions with this very court in May of 2017 not only on the same days of Movant's controversial arrests, but within the same hour. Further, every odd occurrence can be linked back to a move made by this attorney whom Movant has asserted was colluding with Attorney Rhea Tannehill 
And that all of this was a conjoined effort to remove the liability off of Lafayette County, and slide the Mayor, Robyn Tannehill's most outspoken opponent/political adversary out of the way in order to suppress information and prevent electable issues and her mayoral run. 
Where is the line drawn on the extent that this county, the state, and this court aids and abets the petitioner and in the commission of her crimes which have been clearly stated, or is it the fact that the county, the 
state, and this court is so far committed that it refuses to turn back no matter what the petitioner does and 
gets away with? Movant puts Lafayette county and the state of Mississippi on notice of it's grievous 
violations of not only Its own state constitution and laws, but Federal Laws through the intentional 
violation of 42 USC 1985, 42 USC 1983, and furthermore have flagrantly denied Movant the equal 
protections under State and Federal Laws after previous notices of violation have been issued by Movant 
in regards to the same criminal conduct involving knowingly false accusations alleged by the petitioner in 
this cause over the last three and a half years. It is blatantly clear to see the end goal is exactly what Movant 
has asserted since May of 2017. That Movant's child has been USED as a manipulation tool by her mother, her attorney/attorneys, Lafayette County, and most certainly Chancery Court and Circuit Court In order to steer and manipulate a desirable outcome which benefits the county and the minor child's mother, and fully deprives Movant, a Marine Corps Veteran, of his civil rights along with his due process rights, which have risen beyond that of a civil matter to the level of criminal conduct by acts of criminal conspiracy. Movant has continuously provided notice and sought out protections by Agencies and this court which have neglectfully gone unheard, unnoticed, and have not been acted upon despite undeniable evidence to back all claims. Movant completely objects, rejects, condemns, and rebukes the actions of the responsible parties and this court to the highest degree for flat out refusing to assess, read, and respond to any of the motions and evidence brought forward by the Movant which makes clear that the petitioner is in direct 
A 
to "ride it out" and to take it further by poking and prodding in other areas of defendant's life which not only was she not privy to nor did she have any reason to ascertain based on the original petition filed with this court. In both jurisdictions for which the plaintiff subpoenaed, there is currently ongoing legal matters both in defending and litigating erroneous retaliatory attacks on Movant whom was only seeking out assistance after the petitioner went to the extents she did in conspiring to falsely accuse the Movant of rape. Due to both matters being open and in litigation, Movant asserts that petitioner is not privy to such information, not now and quite possibly never. After all, was this cause not based on Petitioner's ATTEMPT to reduce even further the Movant's visitation with his minor child whom he has demonstrated. This court has an obligation to look out for the best interest of the minor child, and Movant asserts that he has sustained prejudicial treatment by this court counter to the obligation that a family court is expected to provide on normal circumstances because he is representing himself pro se, however Movant asserts his inability to afford outside council due to the extremely malice acts of the petitioner, her attorney, and certain individuals and government officials in Lafayette County. 
Movant asserts that there are now multiple fatal errors now in play. MRCP Rule 45 C (1) calls for a Subpoena to be executed on a witness personally. Rule 45 (c) (2) calls for the names of the PERSONS served. A staff member for petitioner's attorney "SERVED" the subpoena for Olive Branch PD AND Desoto County Sheriffs Office via fax with no acknowledgement from any PERSON. Furthermore MRCP 45(d)(2)(a) states that the subpoena MUST give no less than 10 days notice to comply. All subpoenas issued by petitioner were issued on the 19th, thus less than 10 days before trial given that trial is on 1/28/2021, Therefore these subpoenas were improperly served and as such the contents of any discovery cannot be produced and used for trial purposes, and Movant hereby would demand that petitioner's counsel destroy any and all information that may have stemmed from such subpoena, and Movant requests this court to order a stop to the production of such records due to privacy and confidentiality purposes as well as non-conforming to the established rules laid out in regards to service of a subpoenas. MRCP 45(D)(1)(A) states that upon timely motion, the court from which a subpoena was issued shall quash or modify a subpoena if it fails to allow reasonable time for compliance; or requires disclosure of privileged or protected matter. Movant states both 
And that all of this was a conjoined effort to remove the liability off of Lafayette County, and slide the 
Mayor, Robyn Tannehill's most outspoken opponent/political adversary out of the way in order to suppress information and prevent electable issues and her mayoral run. 
Where is the line drawn on the extent that this county, the state, and this court aids and abets the petitioner 
and in the commission of her crimes which have been clearly stated, or is it the fact that the county, the 
state, and this court is so far committed that it refuses to turn back no matter what the petitioner does and 
gets away with? Movant puts Lafayette county and the state of Mississippi on notice of it's grievous 
violations of not only Its own state constitution and laws, but Federal Laws through the intentional 
violation of 42 USC 1985, 42 USC 1983, and furthermore have flagrantly denied Movant the equal 
protections under State and Federal Laws after previous notices of violation have been issued by Movant 
in regards to the same criminal conduct involving knowingly false accusations alleged by the petitioner in 
this cause over the last three and a half years. It is blatantly clear to see the end goal is exactly what Movant 
has asserted since May of 2017. That Movant's child has been USED as a manipulation tool by her mother, 
her attorney/attorneys, Lafayette County, and most certainly Chancery Court and Circuit Court In order to steer and manipulate a desirable outcome which benefits the county and the minor child's mother, and fully deprives Movant, a Marine Corps Veteran, of his civil rights along with his due process rights, which have risen beyond that of a civil matter to the level of criminal conduct by acts of criminal conspiracy. Movant has continuously provided notice and sought out protections by Agencies and this court which have neglectfully gone unheard, unnoticed, and have not been acted upon despite undeniable evidence to back all claims. Movant completely objects, rejects, condemns, and rebukes the actions of the responsible parties and this court to the highest degree for flat out refusing to assess, read, and respond to any of the motions and evidence brought forward by the Movant which makes clear that the petitioner is in direct 
violation of perjury, criminal conspiracy, and worse. It is beyond time that arrests and indictments be 
made in this matter, and the Movant does not deserve be be further targeted and attacked. The Movant should be commended for standing firm and walking tall in the face of all adversity and evil in refusing 
to settle for anything less than justice prevailing against all parties whom played a material part in the 
undeserving life altering abuse and destruction that the movant has sustained. 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Movant prays that this court dismiss this cause on or before 1/28/2021 stemming from malice intent 
clearly demonstrated on multiple occasions by the petitioner and to issue an order ordering each agency 
to stand down from petitioner's subpoena due to them being invalid and due to the information sought. 
Movant wants to see his daughter unimpeded by petitioner and prays that this court direct some type of 
fitting punishment to her and her attorney for the grievous actions they have demonstrated in this entire 
matter. Movant reasserts his counter-claim in the amount of $15,000 for time expended as well as mental 
anguish stemming. 
Movant also prays for any additional relief be it special or general for which he may be entitled 
Respectfully submitted this 26th Day of January 2021 
Matthew Reardon 
Pro Se Defendant/Movant 
117 CR 401 Oxford, MS 38655 
662-812-1613 
matt@mattreardon.com 
Exhibit A 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
2017 HAY -1 PM 3:48 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
PLAINTIFF 
CHANCERY 
CAUSE NO.: CV-2016-422W 
VS. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
BY DO nose 
DEFENDANT 
PETITION FOR EMERGENCY, TEMPORARY RELIEF WITHOUT NOTICE 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER, and moves the Court for Emergency, Temporary Relief Without Notice, and states as grounds therefore 
as follows: 
1. 
Phyllis Marie Crowder is an adult resident of Lafayette County, Mississippi, 
residing in Oxford, Mississippi 38655. 
2. 
The Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon is a resident of Lafayette County, 
Mississippi residing in Oxford, Mississippi 38655. 
3. 
The Plaintiff and Defendant are the natural parents of a minor child, L.E.R., born 
August 19, 2014. The Plaintiff and Defendant have never been married, and Agreed Order to Establish Paternity, Child Custody and Child Support was entered by this Court on August 8, 2016. A true and correct copy of said Order I s attached as Exhibit “A”. 
4. 
In recent days, the Defendant has been calling, harassing, and stalking the 
Plaintiff and threatening her with bodily harm. 
5. 
Moreover, Defendant has begun threatening the use of handguns against the Plaintiff. The Defendant is known to carry firearms on his persons. 
6. 
The Defendant is under the influence of illegal drugs, is mentally and emotionally unstable, is armed and dangerous, and is otherwise a clear, present, and immediate danger 
to the Plaintiff and the minor child. 
7. 
That the Plaintiff is in fear for the safety and well-being of her minor child, and for her physical person, and is in legitimate fear of imminent bodily harm from the 
Defendant. 
8. 
That counsel for the Plaintiff has attached her Affidavit which avers that providing Notice to the Defendant would, in counsel's best estimation, cause serious 
harm to the Plaintiff. 
9. 
The Plaintiff is in real danger of suffering immediate and irreparable injury, loss or damage unless this Court enters a Temporary Restraining Order Without Notice pursuant to Rule 65(b) thereby enjoining Matthew from: 
(a) being located within 500 yards from Phyllis and from L.E.R., the minor child 
of the parties; 
(b) from visiting or contacting the residence of the Plaintiff; 
(c) having contact with the Plaintiff or L.E.R., in person, through third parties, phone, text, computer or any other technical device, or any other means, directly 
or indirectly; and, 
(d) Suspending the Defendant's visitation with the minor child until further Order 
of the Court. 
10. 
That the Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi, and his deputies, and all other law enforcement officers, city, county, or state, should be authorized, empowered and 
directed immediately take Matthew Oliver Reardon into custody, without further order, 
and incarcerate him in the Lafayette county jail if he violates any provision of this 
Temporary Restraining Order. 
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, the Plaintiff respectfully requests 
that the Court enter an Emergency Temporary Order without Notice against the 
Defendant. The Plaintiff prays for any other relief she may be entitled to under the 
premises. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED on this the 
By: 
st 
day of May, 2017. 
пока 
OF COUNSEL: 
MONA T. PITTMAN, MSB # 9754 
P. O. Box 2958 
Oxford, Mississippi 38655 
Telephone: (662) 234-9346 
Facsimile: (888) 922-5946 mona@panola.com 
MONA T. PITTMAN, MSB #9754 ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF 
AFFIDAVIT 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
PERSONALLY appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the county and state aforesaid, the within named, Mona T. Pittman, who being by me first duly sworn according to law, states upon oath that the allegations of the above and foregoing Motion are true and correct as therein stated and set forth. 
こ 
STAT 
ON 
M 
VENU my hand and official seal this the 
ID # 107030 
SONYA CASSIDY LOGAN 
Commission Expires, 
Oct. 20, 2017 
ANOLA COUNT 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Thou a 
MONA T. PITTMAN 
day of May, 2017. 
Joma Cara Syr 
AFFIDAVIT 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
PERSONALLY appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the county and state aforesaid, the within named, Phyllis Marie Crowder, who being by me first duly sworn according to law, states upon oath that the allegations of the above and foregoing Motion for Emergency Temporary Relief are true and correct as therein stated and set forth. 
Phyllis Marie Crowder 
GIVEN under my hand and official seal this the 
day of May, 2017. 
My Commission Expires: 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Exhibit 13 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
PLAINTIFF 
VS. 
2017 HAY -1 PM 3:48 
CHANCHAN 
CAUSE NUMBER: CV-2016-422W 
DEFENDANT 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
CYRS 
сторон... 
PETITION FOR CITATION OF CONTEMPT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Phyllis Marie Crowder, and files this her Petition for Citation of 
Contempt against the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, and in support thereof would respectfully 
show unto the Court the following: 
1. 
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter. 
2. 
That the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County, 
Mississippi, and may be served with process at his residence in Lafayette County, Mississippi, or 
wherever he may be found. 
3. 
That on August, 2016, This Court entered an Order regarding child support, a true and correct 
copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "A". 
4. 
That the Defendant herein, Matthew Oliver Reardon, has willfully and contumaciously failed to 
pay child support as Ordered. 
5. 
That the Defendant herein, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is in both criminal contempt and civil 
contempt of this Court for his willful failure and/or refusal to abide by the Orders of this Court. 
6. 
Plaintiff would show that Defendant Matthew Oliver Reardon should be required to pay to the Petitioner, Phyllis Marie Crowder, a reasonable sum as attorney's fees for having to bring forth this 
action and that all costs of Court should be taxed to Matthew Oliver Reardon. 
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder respectfully 
requests that the Court grant unto her the following relief: 
1. 
That the Court cite Matthew Oliver Reardon with both civil and criminal contempt of 
Court for his willful violation of the Orders entered in this cause as stated above, and that the Court 
issue such orders as it finds necessary to restore his respect for the Court and coerce him into 
compliance with said Orders, including, but not limited to, orders of incarceration or monetary fines; 
2. That Phyllis Marie Crowder be granted a judgment against Matthew Oliver Reardon for 
her reasonable attorney's fees and costs suffered in bringing this matter; and, 
3. And if mistaken for the relief prayed for and entitled to, then the Plaintiff prays for such 
other, further, general, specific or special relief to which she may be entitled. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, this the 
MONA T. PITTMAN, ESQUIRE P. O. Box 2958 
Oxford, Mississippi 38655 
Telephone: (662) 234-9346 
Facsimile: (888) 922-5946 mona@panola.com 
be 
day of 
• May 
Можа всё 
MONA T. PITTMAN, MSB # 9754 Attorney for the Plaintiff 
2017. 
J 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I, MONA T. PITTMAN, do hereby certify that I have this date mailed, by United States Mail. postage prepaid, a true and correct of the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt to the 
following: 
This the 
глав 
day of 
May 
2017. 
Mana Pilz 
2 
MONA T. PITTMAN 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid County and State, the within named, Phyllis Marie Crowder, who, after being first duly sworn, states that the matters contained in the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt are true and correct as 
therein stated. 
This the 
day of May, 2017. 
Phyllis Marie Crowdek 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME, this the 
day of April, 2017. 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
FILEN 
STATE OF MISSISSIAD 
LAFAYETTE THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
2016 AUG -8 PM 2:49 
CIN THE MATTER OF THE CUSTODY OF 
LYDIA ELISE REARDON 
BY DO 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON and 
CAUSE NO.: CV 2016-422 
CO-PLAINTIFFS 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
AGREED ORDER TO ESTABLISH PATERNITY, CHILD CUSTODY, AND CHILD SUPPORT 
CAME ON for hearing in the above-referenced matter on the Joint Complaint to Establish Paternity, Child Custody, and Child Support filed by Co-Plaintiffs Matthew Oliver 
Reardon and Phyllis Marie Crowder and the Court finding that it has jurisdiction over the subject 
matter herein and of the parties hereto, and having been advised that the parties have reached an 
agreement hereby finds as follows: 
1. 
That on August 19, 2014, Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder gave birth to a female 
child, namely Lydia Elise Reardon (the "Minor Child"); 
2. 
That the Minor Child presently resides with Plaintiff Phyllis Marie Crowder at 22 County Road 422, Water Valley, Lafayette County, Mississippi, and has done so since on or 
about July 8, 2016; 
3. 
That neither party has participated, as a party or witness or in any other capacity, in any other proceeding concerning the custody of or visitation with the Minor Child; 
tebbles 
EXHIBIT 
A 
SCANNED 
4. 
That neither party knows of any other proceeding that could affect the current proceeding, including proceedings for enforcement and proceedings relating to domestic 
violence, protective orders, termination of parental rights, or adoptions; 
5. 
That neither party knows of any other person not a party to this proceeding that has physical custody of, or claims rights of legal custody of, or visitation with, the Minor Child; 
6. 
That neither party has been married one to the other; 
7. 
That Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon has accepted his paternity of the Minor 
Child by signing the Minor Child's birth certificate; 
8. 
That Plaintiff Matthew Oliver Reardon is hereby found to be the natural father of 
the Minor Child; 
9. 
That the parties are both fit and proper to have full care, custody and control of 
the Minor Child; 
10. 
That the parties have reached an agreement as to the custody and support of the 
Minor Child as more fully set forth in that document styled Child Custody, Visitation and Child 
Support Agreement, of which a true and correct copy of said document is attached hereto as 
Exhibit "A" and incorporated herein by reference thereto. 
IT IS THEREFORE, ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the custody and support of 
Lydia Elise Reardon shall be provided in accord with the provisions of the Child Custody, 
Visitation and Child Support Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit "A" and said agreement is 
hereby incorporated herein. 
SO ORDERED AND ADJUDGED, this 8th day of August, 2016. 
-2- 
Rustle writer Chancery Judge 
AGREED AND APPROVE 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
APPROVED AS TO FORM: 
J. 
EA TANNEHILL, JR. 
Counsel for Lizzy Crowder 
AGREED AND APPROVED: 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
APPROVED AS TO FORM: 
ANDY T. ARANT, R. Counsel for Matt Beardon 
-3- 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
IN THE MATTER OF THE CUSTODY OF LYDIA ELISE REARDON 
CAUSE NO.: CV 2016-422 
CHILD CUSTODY, VISITATION AND CHILD SUPPORT AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into this date by and between MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON, hereinafter referred to as "Father" and PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER, 
hereinafter referred to as "Mother". 
WITNESSETH 
WHEREAS, the parties to this agreement have a child together, namely, Lydia Elise 
Reardon; and no more are expected; and 
WHEREAS, the Father and Mother do desire to settle and adjust out of court, all rights 
and obligations which do or may exist between them; and 
WHEREAS, both parties are voluntarily executing this agreement free of undue 
influence, duress, and free from any cause, reason, promise, or consideration other than set out in 
this agreement. 
WHEREAS, both parties have been advised that, pursuant to Rule 8.05 of the Uniform Chancery Court Rules, each party in every domestic case involving economic issues and/or property division shall provide the opposite party or counsel certain disclosures as specifically spelled out in the rule unless excused by Order of the Court. Rule 8.05 includes requirement of 
the following disclosures: 
1. 
A detailed written statement of actual income, expenses, assets and liabilities, 
such a statement to be in the form as attached to the Rule; 
2. 
Copies of the proceeding years Federal and State Tax Returns, in full form as 
filed, or copies of W-2's if the return has not yet been filed; 
3. 
Both parties have been advised of their right to receive the financial statement and disclosure set forth in Rule 8.05 of the Uniform Chancery Court Rules as well as the beneficial effect of imposition of said Rule. The parties hereby waive the right to receive the information 
set forth in Rule 8.05 of the Uniform Chancery Court Rules. 
WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into an agreement with regard to their respective rights and obligations in an amicable and mutually acceptable manner. Agreements herein set 
forth, the parties do agree as follows: 
CHILD CUSTODY 
The parties agree that they will share joint legal custody of Lydia Elise Reardon and that Mother shall have primary and paramount physical custody, care, and control of the child of the parties, subject to standard visitation rights of Father and in no event less than those visitation rights set out in the following visitation schedule. 
CHILD SUPPORT 
Monthly Support. Father shall pay child support for the use and benefit of the minor 
child in the amount of Six Hundred Dollars ($600.00) per month, said amount being paid directly from Father to Mother for the benefit of the minor child until the minor child is twenty-one years of age or has otherwise become emancipated as the term is defined at law. The first payment shall be due and payable by August 15, 2016, with each successive payment due and payable on 
the fifteenth (15th) day of each month thereafter. 
Health Insurance. The minor child currently qualifies for Medicaid, and it is anticipated 
2 
that she will continue to do so. It is the duty of the Mother to make any and all deliberate efforts to meet any requirements necessary to continue to keep the minor child insured under Medicaid. Should the minor child not be insured by Medicaid, then the Father will be responsible for health insurance for the minor child. Father and Mother will half the cost of any medical, 
hospitalization, pharmaceutical, dental, orthodontic, optometric, or mental health expenses of the child of the parties which may be incurred by the child of the parties which are not covered by 
Medicaid or health insurance. 
Life Insurance. The Father will purchase a life insurance policy on himself in the amount of $100,000 with Lydia Elise Reardon as the sole irrevocable beneficiary. The Father shall keep such a policy in place until the minor child is twenty-one years of age. 
Likewise, the Mother will purchase a life insurance policy on herself in the amount of $100,000 with Lydia Elise Reardon as the sole irrevocable beneficiary. The Mother shall keep such a policy in place until the minor child is twenty-one years of age. 
Education. Mother and Father shall be equally responsible for all reasonable college expenses of the minor child until such time as the minor child becomes self-supportive, 
emancipated, married or an adult. The college shall be selected by the parties in timely 
consultation with each other. The parties shall consider the preference, qualifications, and 
abilities of the minor child and the financial resources available. Said expenses include, but are 
not limited to, tuition at a state college not to exceed that charged at the University of Mississippi 
for in-state students, room, board, allowance, books, fees, and transportation to and from school. 
Any scholarships or funds received from an educational trust fund or from a third party will be 
exhausted or used first and credited against any responsibility for these expenses. The minor child must maintain a "C" or better average and be a full-time student making the normally 
3 
scheduled progress for receiving her degree on a four (4) year schedule. Both parties will have full access to college records. All payments made pursuant to the provisions for support during 
college will be made directly to the provider. 
Extracurricular Activities. The Father and Mother will half the cost of any and all 
extracurricular activities for the minor child until the age of twenty-one, which shall include 
lessons, camps and/or sports activities. The total amount of cost payable by the Father pursuant 
to the provisions of this paragraph shall be limited to Six Hundred and No/100 Dollars ($600.00) 
each year. 
Taxes. Marie Phyllis Crowder shall claim the minor child of the parties as a dependent 
for state and federal income tax purposes each year. 
VISITATION 
(a) 
WEEKENDS: Until such time as the minor child begins attending kindergarten, 
Father shall have visitation with the minor child every other weekend from Saturday morning at 
8:00 o'clock a.m., until 8:00 p.m. on Sunday evening beginning immediately upon the execution 
of this Child Custody, Visitation, Child Support, and Property Settlement Agreement. 
Once the minor child begins attending kindergarten, Father shall have visitation with the 
minor child every other weekend from Friday afternoon at 5:00 o'clock a.m., until 5:00 p.m. on 
Sunday afternoon. 
Father shall be responsible for transportation. However, should either of the parties move 
their residence so that it is more than One Hundred (100) miles straight line distance from the 
other party's residence, then both Mother and Father shall meet at a mutually agreeable site 
which is located approximately halfway between their respective residences in order to exchange 
custody of the minor child. 
4 
(b) OFF WEEKS: On the weeks that the Father does not have weekend visitation and 
until such time as the minor child begins attending kindergarten, he shall have a 24 hour 
visitation in his home with the minor child beginning on Wednesday. This visitation shall begin 
at noon. 
Once the minor child begins attending kindergarten, the off week visitation provided for 
by this paragraph shall cease. 
(c) 
HOLIDAYS: The parties shall alternate visitation with the minor child the 
following holidays each year according to the following schedule: 
(1.) EASTER: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Easter on each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Thursday prior to Good Friday until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on Easter Sunday and Mother shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Easter each odd year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. Thursday prior to Good Friday until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on Easter Sunday. 
(2.) 
MEMORIAL DAY: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Memorial Day on each odd year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to Memorial Day until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on Memorial Day and the Mother shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Memorial Day each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to Memorial Day until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on Memorial Day. 
(3.) 
INDEPENDENCE DAY: Father shall have visitation with the minor child from 
8:00 a.m. until 10:00 p.m. on July 4th each even year and Mother shall have visitation with the 
minor child from 8:00 a.m. until 10:00 p.m. on July 4th each odd year. 
(4.) 
LABOR DAY: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Labor 
Day on each odd year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to Labor Day until 5:00 o'clock 
5 
p.m. on Labor Day and Mother shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Labor Day each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday prior to Labor Day until 5:00 o'clock p.m. 
on Labor Day. 
(5.) 
THANKSGIVING: Father shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Thanksgiving Day on each even year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Wednesday prior to Thanksgiving until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday after Thanksgiving and Mother shall have holiday visitation with the minor child for Thanksgiving Day each odd year from 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Wednesday prior to Thanksgiving Day until 5:00 o'clock p.m. on the Friday after 
Thanksgiving. 
(6.) 
CHRISTMAS: Each of the parties shall have visitation with the minor child for at least one week during the Christmas Holidays each year. Mother shall have Christmas visitation beginning from the time the minor child is discharged from school for the Christmas holidays until 6:00 p.m. on December 25th each even year and Father shall have Christmas visitation beginning at 6:00 p.m. on December 25th of each even year for one (1) week. Father and Mother shall follow the opposite schedule for Christmas visitation in odd years. Accordingly, the minor child shall spend the New Years' Holiday with the party who did not have Christmas Eve each year. However, the parties agree that this visitation schedule shall be modified so as to ensure that each party has at least one (1) week of visitation during the Christmas Holidays. 
(d.) 
With regard to these special days: 
(1) 
MOTHER'S DAY: Mother shall have visitation with her minor child each 
Mother's Day regardless of whose weekend it may fall on, commencing at 5:00 p.m. on the 
Friday prior to Mother's Day and ending at 5:00 p.m. on Mother's Day. 
(2) 
FATHER'S DAY: Father shall have visitation with the minor child each Father's 
6 
Day regardless of whose weekend it may fall on, commencing at 5:00 p.m. on the Friday prior to 
Father's Day and ending at 5:00 p.m. on Father's Day. 
(e.) PRECEDENCE: The aforesaid Holiday Visitation Schedule shall supersede and 
take precedence over regular weekend visitation. 
(f.) OTHER VISITATION: Father shall have the right of visitation with the child upon 
reasonable request and shall have such other periods of visitation as may be mutually agreed 
upon by and between the parties without the necessity of the modification of the Child Custody, 
Child Support and Settlement Agreement entered into by the parties. Such agreement shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. 
(g.) OVERNIGHT GUEST: Both parties agree that both parties will not have an 
overnight guest of the opposite sex stay overnight while they are in custody of the child. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
1. COUNSELING. The Father agrees to be under the care of a counselor, and fulfill the 
treatment obligations as outlined by said counselor. At a minimum, this treatment shall include 
weekly counseling sessions. Failure to meet these requirements shall be deemed a violation of 
this agreement. 
Likewise, the Mother agrees to be under the care of a counselor, and fulfill the treatment 
obligations as outlined by said counselor. At a minimum, this treatment shall include weekly 
counseling sessions. Failure to meet these requirements shall be deemed a violation of this 
agreement. 
2. NECESSARY DOCUMENTS. Each party at the request of the other will execute 
and deliver all documents that may be necessary to give full effect to this Agreement. 
3. NONCOMPLIANCE. Should either party incur any legal fees as a result of the 
7 
breach of any portion of this Child Custody, Visitation, Child Support, and Property Settlement Agreement by the other party, the Court shall award reasonable attorney's fees and suit expenses to the nondefaulting party. No breach, waiver, or default of any of the terms of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default of any of the terms of this 
Agreement. 
4. MODIFICATION. A modification or waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective only if made in writing and executed with the same formality as this Agreement, and approved by the Court if such approval is required. Failure of either party to insist upon strict performances of any of the provisions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent default of the same or similar nature. 
5. REPRESENTATION. Each party hereto agrees that no representation of any kind whatsoever has been made to him or her as an inducement to enter into this agreement, other that the representations set forth herein, and that this agreement contains all the terms for the contract between the two parties hereto. 
A. Both the legal and practical effect of this agreement has been fully explained to both parties, and they both acknowledge that it is a fair agreement and it is not the result of any misrepresentation, fraud, duress, or undue influence exercised by either party upon the other, or by any person or persons upon either and they further agree that this agreement contains the 
entire understandings and all the covenants and the agreements by and between the parties. This 
agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefits of heirs, executors, and administrators 
of the parties hereto. 
B. Mother is represented by J. Rhea Tannehill, Jr. of Oxford, and Father is represented by 
Andy Arant of Oxford. J. Rhea Tannehill, Jr.'s representation of Mother, and Andy Arant's 
8 
representation of the Father shall end after entry of an Order of Child Custody, Visitation and 
Child Support Agreement in this matter. 
C. That the parties agree to hold harmless J. Rhea Tannehill, Jr. and/or Andy Arant for any tax consequences that they may have as a result of this agreement as they have not sought or received advice or counseling in that matter. 
D. It is further agreed and understood by and between the parties that this is a full and complete contract and division of the same may be submitted to the Court of proper venue and jurisdiction for approval or disapproval by decree or otherwise. 
The undersigned hereby affirmatively state that the terms hereto set out are acceptable to each of them. And further, the Father, MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON, would state unto the Court that he is financially able to meet the terms of this agreement. The Mother, PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER, would also state unto the Court that she is capable of providing the necessary support for herself. 
It is mutually understood and agreed between the parties hereto that this contract shall 
take effect immediately and the terms shall be reckoned from the 
за 3 
day of 
August 
گے 
2016. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
This day personally came and appeared before me, the undersigned authority within and for the aforesaid County and State within named MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON who acknowledged that he signed, executed and delivered the above and forgoing Child Custody, Visitation and Child Support Agreement on the date thereof as and for his individual act and 
9 
agreement of his own free will. 
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 
Donna Smith 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
8 
My Commission Expires: 20 2016 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
3rd 
day of 
· August 201 
OF 
MISSISSIPPI 
STATEONNA 
ID No 90743 NOTARY PUBLIC Comm Expires 
August 20, 2016 
LAFAYETTE 
COUNTY 
* 
2016. 
This day personally came and appeared before me, the undersigned authority within and for the aforesaid County and State within named PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER, who acknowledged that she signed, executed and delivered the above and forgoing Child Custody, Visitation and Child Support Agreement on the date thereof as and for her individual act and agreement of her own free will. 
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 
3rd 
day of 
August 
2016. 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
My Commission Expires: 
ANGIE ALLEN 
NOTARY PUBLIC- 
ID No. 107624 
My Comm Expires 
Jan 8, 2018 
FAYETTE 
OF 
10 
SSIPP 
Exhibitc 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PLAINTIFF 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
COITHAY 26 PM 3: 32 
CAUSE NUMBER: CV-2016-422W 
VS. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
AB 
DEFENDANT 
PETITION FOR CITATION OF CONTEMPT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Phyllis Marie Crowder, and files this her Petition for Citation of 
Contempt against the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, and in support thereof would respectfully show unto the Court the following: 
1. 
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter. 
2. 
That the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is an adult, resident citizen of Lafayette County, Mississippi, and may be served with process at his residence in Lafayette County, Mississippi, or wherever he may be found. 
3. 
That on May 10, 2017, this Court entered an Order which provided, in part, that the Defendant is restricted from "contacting harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner...in person, through third parties, phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or indirectly." A true and correct copy of said Order is attached hereto as Exhibit "A". 
4. 
That further, the Court's Order restrained Matthew Oliver Reardon from "contacting, harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner's attorney...in person 
through third parties, phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other 
means, directly or indirectly." See Attached Order. 
5. 
That in paragraph 10 of the Court's Order dated May 10, 2017, the Court Ordered that each 
party agreed to refrain from making comments on social medial regarding each other, the Court, the attorneys, and the nature/extent of the Court proceedings. See Attached Order. 
6. 
Additionally, in paragraph 2 of the Court's Order, Matthew Oliver Reardon was ordered to continue to pay $600.00 in child support to the Petitioner and although he has paid $2,000.00 toward the Defendant has failed to pay child his continued child support obligation. 
the 
arrearage, 
7. 
That the Defendant herein, Matthew Oliver Reardon, has willfully and contumaciously failed to comply with the Order of this Court, and therefore, the Plaintiff requests that the Court find that Matthew Oliver Reardon in both criminal contempt and civil contempt of this Court for his willful failure and/or refusal to abide by the Orders of this Court, and prays that he be immediately incarcerated until further Orders of this Court. 
8. 
That since the entry of the May 10, 2017 Defendant's behavior has become increasingly and 
extremely erratic, volatile and threatening in nature, as he is mixing illegal drugs and alcohol while in 
possession of what Matthew Oliver Reardon purports to be a loaded assault weapon, and therefore, 
Plaintiff requests that the Psychological Evaluation previously Ordered by this Court take place 
immediately and that the Court make a determination as to whether an involuntary judicial 
commitment is appropriate. 
9. 
That Plaintiff has incurred attorney's fees in bringing this action and requests that the Defendant Matthew Oliver Reardon should be required to pay to the Petitioner, Phyllis Marie Crowder, a reasonable sum 
as attorney's fees for having to bring forth this action and that all costs of Court should 
be taxed to Matthew Oliver Reardon. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, this the 
MONA T. PITTMAN, ESQUIRE 
P. O. Box 2958 
Oxford, Mississippi 38655 
Telephone: (662) 234-9346 
Ill day of 
May 
Chora Pette 
а 
MONA T. PITTMAN, MSB #9754 Attorney for the Plaintiff 
Facsimile: (888) 922-5946 mona@panola.com 
. 2017. 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid County and State, the within named, Phyllis Marie Crowder, who, after being first duly sworn, states that the matters contained in the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt are true and correct as therein stated. 
This the 
day of May, 2017. 
Phyllis Marie Crowder 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME, this the day of May, 2017. 
MISSISSI 
NOTARY 
STATE OF B 
સાડ 
PUS EXPIRES: Oct 20, 2017 
MYCUSSION 
SONYA CASSIDY LOGAN 
Commission Expires. Oct. 20, 2017 
PANOLA COUN 
a 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
Imbbies 
EXHIBIT 
A 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
V. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
KIT MAY 10 PH : 22 
PLAINTIFF 
KC 
CAUSE NO: CV-2016-422W 
DEFENDANT 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE having been set for hearing on May 9, 2017, regarding the Temporary 
Restraining Order entered by this Court on May 1, 2017, the Court, pursuant to Rule 65 of the 
Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure hereby withdraws its Order dated May 1, 2017, and enters 
the following Preliminary Injunction which has been agreed to by both parties: 
1. That the Petitioner is hereby granted continued sole legal and physical custody of 
the minor child. 
2. That the Respondent shall continue unto the Petitioner the amount of $600.00 as 
child support every month on the 1st day of the month beginning May 1, 2017, and continuing 
until further Order of this Court. 
3. 
That pursuant to an agreement between the parties, the Respondent shall have supervised visitation with the parties' minor child every other Sunday from 3:00 
p.m. 
until 2:20 
p.m. on the premises of the Oxford Police Department, beginning Sunday, May 14, 2017. Said 
visitations shall be supervised by Shannon Flemons and Maddie Dorris. 
4. 
With the exception of the aforementioned supervised visitation, the Respondent is restrained from going onto the property of the Petitioner, the Petitioner's work, the child's schools or any other place where the child may be and is further restricted from contacting, harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner and/or 
Oven 
C 
the minor child. The Respondent is further restrained form being located within 500 yards from Phyllis and from L.E.R., the minor child of the parties; from visiting or contacting the residence of the Plaintiff; having contact with the Plaintiff or L.E.R., in person through third parties, phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or 
except that the Responchart may relay, vider messages to the minor child thingh an indirectly, attery 9 his chorsing who may forward the video to the Attorney for the petitioner who wil from the mines liigile the VIDEO to the minor child. The Petitioner Mats Likewise provide a response w.DLL 
5. 
That the Respondent is restrained from going onto the property of the Petitioner's 
to the Respondent through her attorney. 
attorney, the Petitioner's attorney's work, her children's schools or any other place where the her 
children may be and is further restricted from contacting, harassing, intimidating, stalking, 
threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner attorney, her immediate family, her 
former husband, and her children. The Respondent is further restrained from being located 
within 500 yards from the Petitioner's attorney, her immediate family, and her children; from 
visiting or contacting the residence of the Petitioner's attorney; having contact with the 
Petitioner's attorney her immediate family, in person through third parties, phone, text, drone, 
computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or indirectly. 
Re 
6. That the Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi and his deputies and all other law enforcement officers, city, county or state, should be authorized, empowered and directed 
Ricer immediately to take Matthew Oliver Reardon into custody, without further order, and incarcerate him in the Lafayette County Jail if he violates any provision of this /Temporary Restraining Lorder 
7. 
That both parties have agreed to undergo psychological examination, evaluation and testing by Dr. Joe Edd Morris in Tupelo, Mississippi and will cooperate with Dr. Morris and provide any and all documentation, releases for information, etc. to Dr. Morris in furtherance of the psychological examination, evaluation and testing as he deems fit. Each party will be 
responsible the costs associated with his/her examination, evaluation and testing. The parties will immediately follow the recommendations of Dr. Joe Edd Morris as to counseling/treatment. 
8. 
That both parties have agreed to undergo hair follicle drug and alcohol testing no later than Friday, May, 19, 2017 through Capital DNA Testing, phone number 601-201-0880, at their own expense. Each party shall be responsible for contacting Capital DNA Testing and making arrangements for scheduling of the same and will sign releases for the same to be 
released to Petitioner's attorney. 
9. That the Petitioner agrees to have delivered to Oxford Police Department the 
following items at 10:00 a.m. on Saturday, May 13, 2017, for retrieval by the respondent: 
Respondent's 48-inch Samsung Smart TV with remote; 
a. 
b. 
Respondent's 42-inch Flat Screen TV store in pantry; 
C. 
Respondent's kitchen table with 4 chairs; 
d. 
Respondent's 4 in 1 Smoker Grill Set; 
e. 
Respondent's Samsung Galaxy Tablet (white); 
f. 
Respondent's car seat; and 
g. 
10. 
Respondent's other personal belongings in garage. 
That the parties hereby agree that neither shall make disparaging remarks about the other to the minor child and that each party hereby agrees to refrain from making comments on social media regarding each other, the Court, the attorneys, and the nature/extent of the Court 
proceedings. 
11. 
12. 
That all matters remaining before this Court will be held in abeyance at this time. 
This matter is continued for further hearing until the 10th day of August, 2017, at 
the Lafayette County Courthouse, is Oxford, Mississippi, at 9:30 a.m. or as soon thereafter as the 
parties may be heard. 
1 
SO ORDERED on this, the day of May, 2017, me no fame to May 3, 2007. Then 
This order prepared by: 
MONA T. PITTMAN 
MSB # 9754 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
P.O. Box 2958 
Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: 
(662) 234-9346 
mona@panola.com 
Approved: 
CHARLES E. YOW, II MSB # 104420 
Attorney for Respondent The High Cotton Building 1300 Van Buren #112 Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: (662) 232-2440 ceyow@yowlaw.com 
CHANCELLOR 
U 
Report To Brandy Jones 
Exhiba't D 
UNITED STATES DRUG TESTING LABORATORIES 1700 S. MOUNT PROSPECT ROAD DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS 60018-1804 847-375-0770 fax 847-375-0775 
2017 HAY 30 AM 9:42 
Capital DNA Testing by ne 
368 Scarbrough St Richland, MS 39218 
Y 
CV 2016-422 
Client F111408MS 
Client Capital DNA Testing 
Location 
Collector BRANDY JONES 
Sample Information 
Specimen ID 3733131 
Name MATTHEW REARDON 
Lab Sample ID 2085098 
SSN/DonoriD 801186335 
Test Reason Court Order Type Hair 
Collected 5/18/2017 13:57 
Received 5/19/2017 12:25 
Report Date 5/24/2017 15:31 
Tests Requested 
HAIR5ETG 
HairStat-5+ ETG 
Sample POSITIVE 
Test 
Result 
Quantitation 
Screen Cutoff Confirm 
AMPHETAMINES 
negative 
500 pg/mg 
COCAINES 
negative 
500 pg/mg 
OPIATES 
negative 
200 pg/mg 
PCP 
CANNABINOIDS 
negative 
300 pg/mg 
POSITIVE 
1 pg/mg 
Carboxy-THC GC/MS 
POSITIVE 
2.33 pg/mg 
0.05 pg/mg 
ETHYL GLUCURONIDE 
Ethyl Glucuronide 
LCMSMS 
POSITIVE 
20 pg/mg 
POSITIVE 
90 pg/mg 
20 pg/mg 
Additional Sample Information 
Head Hair 
Sample Comments 
Test developed and characteristics determined by United States Drug Testing Laboratories, Inc. See Compliance Statement on our website http://www.usdtl.com/compliance_statement 
Certification 
Data approved by Rose Rios on 5/24/2017 
Wednesday. May 24, 2017 3:31:52 PM Page 1 of 1 
Laboratory Director: Adam Negrusz, Ph.D., F-ABFT 
President:: 
Douglas Lewis 
ANAB 
Yu 
USDTL 
3003.1.0.2 
Joe Edward Morris, Ph. D 
Licensed Psychologist 
1018 North Gloster Street 
Tupelo, MS 38804 
662-844-3065 
Exhibit E 
Confidential Psychological Report 
Name: Matt Reardon 
Date of evaluation: 9/11/17 
Date of Birth: 3/24/87 
Chronological Age: 30 
Referral Source: Lafayette Chancery Court, Judge Whitwell 
Examiner: Joe Edward Morris, Ph.D. 
Licensed Psychologist 
Reason for Referral 
On 9/11/17, I conducted a psychological evaluation of Matt Reardon. It is my understanding that the purpose of the evaluation is to provide psychological documentation that Mr. Reardon is psy chologically and emotionally able to have unsupervised visitation with his 3 year-old daughter. Lydia. 
Mr. Reardon was cooperative and maintained good eye contact. He was appropriately dressed. He is considered to be a reliable informant. He was motivated and cooperative. 
Mr. Reardon's evaluation consisted of a social history intake and the following psychological instruments: Minnesota Multi-Phasic Personality Inventory-2,, 16 Personality Factor Test, Beck Anxiety Inventory, the Beck Depression Inventory and the Maternal Discipline Technique. The Maternal Discipline Technique consists of sixteen situations that require parental discipline and the parent is required to explain their disciple procedure the first time the child misbehaved, the second time the child misbehaved and the third time the child misbehaved over the same behav- ior problem. 
In relating his personal history, Mr. Reardon, 30 age, was born in Atlanta, GA. Family history is negative for mental health issues. Education history reflects he graduated from high school and has some college. He is currently self-employed with his own company that he just started last year. Prior to that he was with Sentext Solutions since November of 2012. Before that, he was with Smart Circle/New Element INC. as a trainer for 7 months. He was in the U. S. Marines for years and discharged for General Under Other Than Honorable Conditions for alcohol re- 31/2 habilitation failure. He did not see active combat but stated he witnessed two suicides. Legal his- tory is positive for one DUI (2012). He was arrested 5/26/2017 for aggravated stalking/cyber 
Page 2 
stalking. He was incarcerated for 40+ days and stated he was coerced under stress to get out and see his daughter. 
Alcohol/Drug history is positive for treatment in the Marine Corps and self-admitted in April, 2017, COPAC. He was in for a week for detox. Mental Health history is positive for one visit with Shonda Miller, psychiatrist and had 2/3 counseling sessions with Carol Miller. He also saw a student counselor at University of Mississippi weekly for about six months. Social history re- flects he has never been married and has the one daughter age 3. Medical history is negative and he takes no medication. 
In assessing his mental status, Mr. Reardon indicated did not feel depressed or anxious, except some anxiety about not seeing daughter. Clinical observations were consistent with his subjective assessment. Ile was oriented in all spheres. His affect was congruent. He denies suicidal and homicidal ideation. Sleep and appetite are reported as normal. No psychotic signs or symptoms are indicated. He denies any labile behavior, crying spells or explosive outbursts. His thoughts were connected and logical. Psychomotor activity was normal. He presented psychologically as stable. 
Tests Administered and Diagnostic Conclusions 
With the exception of mild elevations one the L (Lie) and Paranoid scale of the Minnesota Mul- tiphasic Personality Inventory-2, which within the context of his legal issues are considered typi- cal, all of his other test results, all of his other test results/profiles fell within the normal/typical range. His responses on the Maternal Child Discipline Technique represented appropriate and acceptable parenting skills. Test results are consistent with his mental status as observed and re- vealed during interview. 
Summary and Conclusions 
The above test results, background information, history, and clinical interview project the clinical picture of a 30 year old male/father who presents with no significant psychological deficits. His scores reflect an emotionally stable individual who would be an effective and caring parent for his three-year old daughter. No red flags surfaced that would indicate the contrary. He was can- did in reporting incidents in the past where his behavior may have not suggest psychological health or emotional stability. 
Joe Edward Morris 
Ph. D. Licensed Psychologist