Untitled Note
Tue, May 13, 2025 1:13PM 1:48:28
SPEAKERS
Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator), Speaker 1, Matthew Reardon, Garrett Smith - Morgan County
S Speaker 1 00:03
Hello, hello, Mr. Reardon, worry about that in our computer shut down in the middle of our
conversation. So that was what happened. So basically, what we were discussing, I understand
all of what you're saying. I just can't, I can't say or pinpoint everything in this one discussion. So
we'll have to do multiple discussions to try to get to the bottom of what's going on. I do
understand that you are, you're saying that you're currently experiencing a financial hardship.
M Matthew Reardon 00:53
Yeah, y'all aren't going to have a way of reaching me, because I'm about, I'm literally on the
the verge of losing everything. So as far as having an address and all that there's not going to
be an address anymore, and it's because I've steadily tried to tell young Williams what was
going on and exactly what this is doing. And I guess nobody's ever documented it, and it's just,
it's been very circular, and it's been a waste of time, and now it's, it's, like, it's, it's literally just,
it's, it's brought on a situation that I don't think anybody wants, because this is, I mean, like,
like, it's, it's, it's literally about to cause me to freak in just, I mean, I don't even know what,
what the word, what the word is for This, but it's, it's, it's, created a situation that, you know,
I've steadily tried to prevent and warn, and now the situation's here and so, okay, again, I'll
address these facts into my notes for my supervisor to review. I don't i There it is. I kept trying
to figure out how to get in here, and I was stuck on the background screen. I'm sorry.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 20:20
No, you're just fine. I'm sorry. I don't know what the issue with that was. Yeah,
M Matthew Reardon 20:24
I kept trying to get in on my cell phone because I couldn't get in on my laptop
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 20:31
oh, you're you're fine. I apologize for that inconvenience. You would show up as admitted, and
then you would disappear. Yeah, it was a very odd thing. Yep. How you doing good? How about
yourself? I'm
M Matthew Reardon 20:44
doing good. I don't know why my camera's not working.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 20:55
Okay, looks like it's loading maybe,
M Matthew Reardon 20:59
oh, that would explain it. I had my webcam cover.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 21:10
It's always something right with the virtual meetings, it's always
M Matthew Reardon 21:13
something Yeah. Thank you for taking the time to meet with us. Monica, yeah,
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 21:21
of course, not a problem. So I Monica, and I am the government records ombudsman. I be the
mediator for today. I do just have a few things about mediation before we jump in. Mediation is
a voluntary process. You guys consented to be here. You may withdraw your consent at any
time. If you do choose to withdraw your consent, may have a short conversation with you, and
that's not to dissuade you from leaving mediation. That's just to get feedback for myself, and
that's done in a one on one setting. The other tenet of mediation is that it's a confidential
process, meaning what's stated here is meant to be kept confidential. Can't be used with the
state records committee or any other type of court process. You will also see me taking notes.
Please know that my notes are kept confidential. They're not shared with anyone. They're just
for my personal notes, as I keep track of my mediations, okay?
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 23:03
Ending as well. Okay. Okay. Grammar requests that have come in with four different requests,
because one was a double, and I can say where each of them are, if that would be helpful to
Monica, yeah. Matthew,
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 23:21
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 23:21
yeah. No, you're fine. And if I may, so how many records are being withheld under 305, 18.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 23:30
You mean just how many so, like, how many emails? Is what you're saying?
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 23:34
Yeah, how many responsive records are being withheld?
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 23:38
I believe that there are three, two from myself and one from my deputy attorney.
M Matthew Reardon 23:54
And my thing on that
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 23:55
is one coming from my deputy back to me. My
M Matthew Reardon 23:59
thing in regards to that is, I didn't you said that, as far as you know, protecting the
government's interest, if there's a threat of a lawsuit or talk of a lawsuit, but, but I think one
thing that you know you're overlooking here is I didn't come to Morgan County and say I was
going to sue Morgan County over nothing. I i i simply when my constitutional rights were
violated, when, when you know my my right under freedom of the press, my right under
grandma, when, when the county violated certain rights of mine was when I said, Okay, I'm
going to have to take this to the next level. And so the precedent that is set right there, if a
government, county government, or whatever may be, if they can intentionally violate
somebody's rights and then and then clam up on the records. I think that's that's that that's
very dangerous. It's almost weaponizing everything when when they leave out. And dominated
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 25:23
this call for a minute, so maybe I can jump in and say that that's not what's happening. You're
assigning bad intent, you're projecting your speculations, and that's not what's happened here.
And so let me just share the county's perspective on what's happened, if that's all right with
you, Matthew, because I think, I mean, we're kind of going circular again. We always go
circular. And even with what you're saying, it's not a fight with me, and it's not a fight with
Monica, it's a fight with the Utah legislature to change the grammar statute because you, you
have indicated to me that it's unconstitutional. I'm saying that may be true. Like, I don't know.
Like, I don't make that determination of whether it's unconstitutional or not, because I'm not a
legislature, I'm not a judge, but I have a duty to uphold the statute as it is, and I always say,
comply with the law or change it, and if you want to change it, then that's but that's not
something that Monica or myself can Do in this mediation. So with that being said, I see that
there's been three grammar requests submitted, or at least three attempts. The first one was
for records involving deputy green, and they're specific to personnel records and internal
investigation or internal audit reports. And I'm glad Luke is here, because I think that, you
know, even you know, I think we can release IAS, but not personnel under grandma and and I
could be wrong there, but just so you're aware, Matthew, I'm I'm trying to help you here to say,
even if you do perfect your request, it may not be answered the way that you want it if it falls
under a certain classification. So that initial one that came in, I don't consider that to be a
complete request, because the statute 60 3g 204 to 204 it says the person's name, mailing
address. It talks about an email address if they're willing to accept communication by email. So
that's not required, but it's available, and then the daytime telephone number. So there's at
least three requirements that say shall be submitted with the request, and until we get those
requirements attached to the request, is not a complete request,
M Matthew Reardon 27:53
but I disagree with you there because, and you can disagree
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 27:56
with me all day. I'm just outlining it for Monica so she can understand the counties, because I
also know that you disagree. That's why we're here.
M Matthew Reardon 28:03
I also have a sworn declaration that says that I am Don Matthews.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 28:08
You It's not permitted with your grammar report, but, but
M Matthew Reardon 28:11
okay, but if we're gonna, if we're gonna talk about technicalities, where does the grandma
statute actually said say that it has to be the person's full formal born by name. It says a name.
Well, it says, And I gave a name, and that is my name. That is the name that I go by, that is in
and I've got a sworn declaration that backs that up. So why are we talking technicalities on, on
turning over records as simple as that the gram, I guarantee you, the grammar statute is not
precise enough to actually specify that. It has to be the full formal name. It's it says a name,
and I provided a name
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 28:56
well, and I guess, Monica, do you have any experience in that situation where people use a
name that's not their own or that's not
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 29:07
that that does happen occasionally, so you are required to give a name. Furthermore, in the
code, so under 2026 before releasing a private, controlled or protected record, the
governmental entity shall change evidence of the requesters identity that is mainly done
through a government issued ID, so that they know that if that record is private, controlled or
protected, that they're giving that person who they're allowed to access. They're not giving it to
someone who's just saying that right? Because if, if you're fulfilling a request or making a
request electronically, short, you can say that you're John Smith, but if I'm releasing, as a
governmental entity, a private, controlled or protected record, I have to verify that you're John
Smith before releasing those records. But,
M Matthew Reardon 30:00
but once again, if I if, if, when it comes down to that, if it's a protected record. If I'm providing a
declaration, a sworn declaration, says that I Matthew Reardon. Am Don Matthews, any requests
made under Don Matthews is made by Matthew Reardon. Doesn't that effectively satisfy that it
will show an ID is Matthew Reardon. It's a sworn declaration saying that Matthew Reardon is
Don Matthews, you know, for the purpose of the journalism and being an author, that that
should satisfy that
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 30:37
so most, most confirming of someone's identity is by a government issued ID. Well,
M Matthew Reardon 30:42
I show my government ID for Matthew Reardon, but the sworn declaration would say that the
original request made as Don Matthews. So I'm saying, instead of having to start the time over
on this request, it was made under Don Matthews, but showing a simple sworn declaration,
showing my government issued ID as Matthew Reardon, sworn declaration, obviously sworn
under penalty of perjury, says that I am, you know, Don Matthews under, you know, like that.
Like that is my pseudonym, name. I use that for the journalism for, for being an author that
should, you know, I'm showing ID as to my real identity. I shouldn't have to start the time over,
over technicalities, over something that could be simply solved by sworn declaration showing
that I am that person. If, if
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 31:29
you wanted to provide Morgan County with a government issued ID for them to verify your
identity, that would be up to them on whether or not they would process that with that request,
from what I'm understanding from what Garrett's saying, they're not able to confirm your
identity,
M Matthew Reardon 31:46
well, and, and,
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 31:49
and a sworn declaration wouldn't be able to do that again, because if, if I'm saying that I'm John
Smith, right, anyone can write that on a sworn declaration, but no one's verifying that I am who
I am. Well, technically with government, we can only do that with government. Government
issued IDs on who people say who they are. It's the same as giving someone authorization to
get records on my behalf. If I go and get that notarized, I have to provide my ID so that that
person knows to notarize that that I'm giving someone else authorization they verified my
identity of my driver's license. We're not able to take a paper social security card, anything like
that, because we can't verify your identity well.
M Matthew Reardon 32:35
And see that gets into the next thing, which is I just, I feel like it's chilling. It chills rights under
the First Amendment, especially in in this particular situation, and that's where I find the
grandma statute unconstitutional. On its face, is that I see, you know, just from what's
happened right here with Morgan, that it is chilling of the because, because it, I mean when you
put things in such as that, and you have somebody that has been targeted and retaliated it, it
is a it serves as a deterrent to prevent them from making those requests By having to
ultimately give up their Fourth Amendment right to to, you know, identification. I believe that
there's a, when it comes to the government and requesting records that there is a, you know, it
may not be the case for Utah, and that's where it would need to get challenged. But you know,
I believe that people should be able to request records with a certain level of anonymity to
prevent retaliation or targeting for seeking out certain records.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 34:03
And I definitely understand your concern, and I think that's where Garrett was touching base on
we are bound by what our legislature has said, and our legislature has set those requirements
into place. It's
M Matthew Reardon 34:15
Matthew Reardon 34:15
not the first time the law was was struck down. Is unlawful or unconstitutional and change. It
happens all the time, and
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 34:24
I, and I really do understand, you know, not want, you're wanting records, right? You have fear
of retaliation.
M Matthew Reardon 34:30
Well, and I have legitimate fear. I have legitimate reason, like it's not just a force. It's like I have
the lawsuit to prove it. I have the facts and all to back it up. This is why.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 34:42
But I, Matthew, I think it would be fair to say that both of us bring baggage to every interaction
we have. And I think the experiences that you've had with Lafayette County and even Layton
city, based on what you've told me, like I think I'm not saying that that's right, what they did. I
don't think in Galveston, if it's exactly as you've described it,
M Matthew Reardon 35:08
I think we would have three months in lock up because of Galveston and Lafayette County. So, I
mean, it's been, it's been a continuous pattern, man,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 35:15
but, but I don't know that you can assign those bad motives to Morgan County when we're just
trying to follow the grandma statue and go through the process. And so that's all I'm saying.
And and maybe the easiest thing to do is at least on that first initial request, if you can submit
it, and I'm not saying withdraw the first one, just submit a fourth one with Matthew Reardon on
it right. And before any records are released, you would show your ID, as Monica has outlined.
Then at least we're not stuck here arguing about whether the grammar statute is constitutional
or not, because that's not something that I can resolve here.
M Matthew Reardon 35:56
But then, as a constitutional rights activist, I'm giving up my fourth amendment right, and I'm
caving on that. You know, on you know
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 36:03
how you're giving up your Fourth Amendment right on that issue. I mean, you've already pulled
how you're giving up your Fourth Amendment right on that issue. I mean, you've already pulled
out your ID. You've already so
M Matthew Reardon 36:11
then why don't you just release it? If it's not that important, why don't you just release it? Why
does it take me actually coming and showing Well,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 36:16
I have to check the box of the statue. Just showing it to me doesn't like if, if you, if you fill it out
with your name, and then you could show the records clerk prior just under subsection six that
Monica referenced before releasing a private, controlled or protected director the government
entity shall obtain evidence of the requesters identity. So if you get to that point, then you
show your ID, then I think that it's a non issue, and we move forward on on that aspect, if you
want, like you said, to make Morton County the poster child for a lawsuit to overturn grandma.
Well, you have that right, too, and I can't stop you from exercising that right. It's just what,
what is it that you want? And from the county's perspective, if you have a complete request, we
process that request. If it's not a complete request, then we're not going to process it. And
that's where we have that standstill. But that's on the first one. And then I was going to go into
the other ones, just Monica, so you're aware.
M Matthew Reardon 37:19
You know, if you had a child that that drowned in a pool when a in a lifeguard was was
watching and want and allowed your child to drown. Would you ever trust another child in the
watch of another lifeguard like would you? Would you? Would you seriously? Would you
question? You know all lifeguards. You know if, if you had a child drown because of the
negligence of a stranger, a lifeguard. I mean, you gotta, you gotta look at it like that. I mean,
you say that it's not y'all that this has happened to me now, twice, but, but it wouldn't be, y'all,
but, I mean, come on. I mean, like, like, let's, let's just look at this, you know, from a realistic
standpoint, journal. I mean, it's, it's not a, I mean, going back as far as you know, time
journalists have been targeted, have been surveilled, and here I've got, you know, solid, you
know, solid proof of happening with Galveston, with the records that I got from Layton, I mean,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 38:36
but you only have speculation and assumptions with Morgan. And so I get where you're coming
from, but it's happened
M Matthew Reardon 38:41
twice and but the hypotheticals of it,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 38:45
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 38:45
right? We can deal in hypotheticals all day. And I get where you're going with that, that if I had
a child that had gone through that, then I would not ever leave that child in care of any life card
I get, where you're coming from on that. But if I want to, if I want to swim in the pool, right, like,
then I'm going to go, and I'm going to go swim in that pool, and I'm going to watch my own kid,
but I also have to abide by the rules of the pool, whatever that pool is. And all I'm saying is the
grandma statute, as I understand it, is how we've responded to all your requests. So the second
request there were, it was a two part request, and it the the first part of the request was for
electronic communications by Morton County employees that, in any way used. We had
Matthew Reardon. Matt Reardon, Don Matthews, WTP news. We the People news.org, anyway,
it had had all those iterations, okay, and those are the ones that we did respond to, and I think
in good faith, we tried to do it even within the expedited request time frame. And so we did
that, but those sent
M Matthew Reardon 40:01
you. You didn't send me anything. You sent me everything. I emailed Joel, look, I didn't exist.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 40:08
Yeah, that's what exists. We fulfilled the request as you brought it in. And there were two
emails from myself, one email from my deputy, that I classified as protected under the statute.
And the same thing when we talked last Friday is I'm happy to have a third party, independent
person, look at it and make a determination. Maybe they say, No, Garrett, that's not prepared
in anticipation of litigation. Maybe they find that way, but I'm not going to waive my rights,
either under the statute, or my client's rights under the statute, just like you don't want to
waive your rights. So so that's where we're at an impasse, and that's why we have an appeal
process with the state records committee and with judicial review and things of that nature. I
hear about the first part committee getting here. Let me just finish explaining it to Monica.
That's the first part of the second request that we have responded to, but He's appealing the
partial denial. The second part of that request was the body cam footage from deputy Ty
Martin, and from my understanding, talking to the records clerk, there were two different body
cams associated with that, and He's appealing the fee waiver for that because we have under
our fee schedule that there's a cost for police reports, there's a cost for paper copying, there's
a cost for videos, and the cost for a video is $25 and That's just by our own fee schedule.
M Matthew Reardon 41:46
I never asked this question Garrett, why is there two body cam videos when we're talking about
a span of an hour or two, like literally, when he came in there to the conference room table and
then went into the office, like it was he never left that general section. Why are there two body
cameras? Because
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 42:06
he turned off the body cam when he left the room, right? He's not talking to you at that point.
But then you came back into the office and he's like, Oh, he's back. I'll just turn on the body
But then you came back into the office and he's like, Oh, he's back. I'll just turn on the body
camera, doctor. So,
M Matthew Reardon 42:16
so wait. So, so, so just because he hits stop and then hits play again in the same y'all count
that as two separate videos where I would be even if, even if I were to pay for the body. Why?
Why would y'all think that that's okay for him to be able to control by turning it off and then
turning it back on, and that y'all are going to charge me an extra 25 that's insulting, right there.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 42:44
That's the policy, though, they can turn off their camera,
M Matthew Reardon 42:49
okay, but that's all part of the same video. That's part of the same camera, and that's part of
the same that that's about. Think about, okay, think about, but what if? But what if? What if
somebody's requesting body camera from from a cop that. What if the cop keeps turning off
the body cam and turning it back on and then turning it off? Because I see that a lot. I see the
officer turn off the body cam, so every time the officer, in His judgment, turns off the body
camera and turns it back on, that's another charge for the person request. You've got to be
kidding me. No,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 43:26
in a case like that, if they're dealing with something that deals life safety, and so they're talking
about deploying security or personnel, if they're talking with a supervisor, they have their own
policy for that, and they don't stop the body camera. They'll mute the body camera for those
situations if they say, Okay, this is how we're going to, you know, flank around here, because
you don't want that to be public record that that deals with officer safety
M Matthew Reardon 43:58
stop. Because I think y'all trim the video, to be completely honest with you, I think you chose
where to cut it. You chose what to cut out. And that's why there's two videos right there,
because there's certain information you can't want me to hear video yet. Matthew, well, no, but
I mean,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 44:12
and you're assuming things that happened and well,
M Matthew Reardon 44:16
because you know what, you're the one stirring. He leaves,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 44:19
he leaves the the conversation, and he turns off the body cam when he goes into the clerk's
office. It's not for another hour or so that you show up in the clerk's office, and he flips it back
on, and once again, like, if you want to appeal, that you can go through the state records
committee. I'm just telling you no.
M Matthew Reardon 44:39
I mean, I don't need to, I don't need to appeal that regulations and accusations
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 44:43
that go beyond the scope of what this meeting is.
M Matthew Reardon 44:47
I don't need to appeal that the third grammar request is going to answer it all, because
whenever I find out that other members of the press, of media made requests in the Morgan
over the last two and a half years, and y'all granted their fee waivers. But here I'm going to I'm
going to use the words again, Garrett arbitrarily and capriciously denied mine without giving
any reason for denial.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 45:13
And when that request comes back and shows you that the media are paying for their
responses to ground with then what are you going to say? Are you going to apologize to me for
all the accusations. Well, I don't need it necessarily. I just think it's interesting that you'll throw
out all these accusations and you'll assign bad intent and you have no evidence of anything.
Well,
M Matthew Reardon 45:37
I think what's more interesting is the fact that the state of Utah actually promotes these who
wants to pay money that doesn't have to pay money. If the state of Utah actually promotes
these fee waivers for members of the media and the press, and they're not making it, but it's
on the form, then that kind of throws up some red flags to me, like, all right, is this, is this
actually accurate information? Because what member, I mean, what person wants to pay for
stuff that the state of Utah authorizes through its code to give a fee waiver on because they
promote the dissemination of records coming This is common sense. Once
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 46:17
again, that's that's not my call. I'm not the I'm not the sheriff here. I don't control and so if the
sheriff has their own policy for how they handle fee waivers, then they follow their policy. And
that's exactly what I told you. I told them. I said, treat him the same, that you treat anyone else
as a member of the media.
M Matthew Reardon 46:38
So y'all are operating like an enterprise and choosing to ignore No,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 46:44
we're recouping you're not a taxpayer in Morgan County, so we're recouping costs of the time
that we spend, not helping our residents
M Matthew Reardon 46:54
but but I'm disseminating information out for the for this. I'm disseminating information out for
the citizens of Morgan parties.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 47:01
If I could have both of you, please stop interrupting each other. I understand it's really hard in a
virtual setting to not do that, but we are having a little bit too much of that, and I would like to
kind of just steer us back if we could focus on the third request, and if we could please have no
interruptions until Garrett finishes what that request is for. Okay, thank you.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 47:24
Okay, thanks, Monica, sorry about that. The last request is asking for the media fee waiver so
that the county can go back and see how many media requests have come in, which, as a small
county, we don't get a lot of those, but I have asked them to go and and find what they can
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 47:49
Okay, so are records compiled for that request,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 47:54
I will have to go down and see where they're at. I guess the problem that we're having is that
they do charge for the time when it goes beyond the statutory waiver and and so and we don't
they do charge for the time when it goes beyond the statutory waiver and and so and we don't
have, the way that it was described to me is we don't have a digital repository of which ones
were media requests and which ones weren't. And so it is more time intensive to go through
those records. And I don't believe Mr. Reardon is willing to pay for the time to go through those
records. No, no, not, and so and so, I guess we're just at a a tough position too, because they
said, you know, there's few that overhead, but to go through it may cost, and if he's unwilling
to pay, then that's time going in, and now we have a fulfilled grammar request, but an
unwillingness to pay the fee to release the record. Okay, so any direction you have on that
would be helpful.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 48:54
You have a cost estimate of how much time it would take for them to compile those records.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 48:59
I don't have that yet. I told them that we were having this mediation, and hopefully, if you gave
us some direction there, but I said, I don't want you to go spend a lot until we understand if
there's a willingness, you know, to cover costs, if they exist, but, but I couldn't tell you exactly.
It's just hard, because we're shifting to digital. And I think the attorney's office has shifted much
more quickly than the sheriffs as far as how we handle things. And so I could tell you, like on
our side, we can find that relatively quickly, but the sheriff office is not to that point. They're
still working in paper as they shift to the digital.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 49:42
Okay. Thank you. Yes,
M Matthew Reardon 49:47
do you do? You know how much money I make from doing this? I'm just, I don't absolutely no
no no, because this is actually no no no. This is actually important, because I don't make
anything. Okay? I do this here. I just got released from prison, an unlawful prison sentence
vacated at the beginning of the year I move out here to start my life over and to, you know,
obviously I've had some of the absolute just jaw drop. It's horrible things that have happened
that have which is the reason why I am a stickler when it comes to accountability and
transparency so that things don't happen to other people that happen to me. So I'm in in doing
this, okay, in disseminating information out to the public. I'm doing that on my own, like I'm
doing this to benefit the public, not to benefit me. I don't find any personal benefit to doing this,
and it's just insulting to me the fact that here I literally lost everything, and I'm doing
something for the benefit of the public, and you're trying to beat me up on fees, on holding
things back and beating me up on fees when The State of Utah specifically authorizes this for
members of the press to disseminate information out. So I'm, I mean, like I don't, I don't get
why? Why I should have to personally when I'm not making money off of this? Why I should
personally have to come out of pocket when I've already lost everything that I've lost just in the
promotion of transparency.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 51:55
So just like you're a stickler where you draw the line, I'm a stickler for the statute, too, and
that's where we have an impasse, is you think there's a problem with the statue, and I'm not
saying that there isn't a problem with the statute, but that's not a fight to have with me or
Monica, because that's a legislature or No,
M Matthew Reardon 52:14
it's not. I disagree here, because the legislatures are authorizing. Can you let him finish? But
the legislature is authorized. That's That's
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 52:23
so it encourages. It's not a shell. The entities are not mandated to automatically waive a fee for
a member of the media, a subject of the record, anything that's outlined in 203, it's an
encouragement. They're encouraged to do so, but they are not mandated to do so. So where
M Matthew Reardon 52:42
is that their discretion? So where's the fine line drawn on 14th Amendment, you know, like
when, when it's encouraged, and some can, can get it, but you know, then you have cities or
counties like Morgan that want to just deny, then that to me, kind of, you know, goes right up
to 14th Amendment issues.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 53:10
So if I can respond, that's that's where I've been telling you from the beginning, is that we treat
everyone the same in Morgan County, believe it or not, because we're more rural. We've been
accused of being that good old boys club. When I came in four years ago, we were still being
accused of being that good old boys club. And so for land use, for grandma, for prosecution,
any of those things, my biggest goal here has been we treat everyone the same, regardless of
last name, regardless of how long you've lived in the county. And so the 14th Amendment,
what you're bringing up between counties, I think that's a separate issue, because it's
discretionary for the county itself, and for our county, we treat everyone the same. And this is
exactly what brought you to our county, is because you felt that Joshua Grover was being
treated differently because of a manipulated body cam. And if I were to go back and not treat
you the same as Joshua or anyone else requesting records, then there is a 14th amendment
issue for Morgan County, because we're picking and choosing who to prefer. And what I'm
telling you is we have to treat you all the same.
M Matthew Reardon 54:33
I mean, the hard place it's, yeah, it sounds like, it sounds like we haven't really accomplished
anything. I mean, that's, that's, that's the unfortunate part. Records
anything. I mean, that's, that's, that's the unfortunate part. Records
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 54:43
to you, then Joshua sues us for 14th amendment because he's like, Well, you made me follow
the statute, but you didn't make Matthew follow the statute. I mean, that's that's just a tough
place for us to be, and so we're going to follow the statute, and we're going to apply the same
policies that we've applied from the beginning. Well,
M Matthew Reardon 55:07
like I said, I mean, I've already disclosed my financial situation. I mean, the fact of the matter
is, unlike typical person that would go and hire an attorney or have to go and pay filing fees,
the difference here is the fact that that I'll file under a Popper's oath and see an indigency
waiver. It's not going to cost me anything to actually push this, this topic, you know, to actually
take this matter to litigation. But what it will cost is it will cost the county of Morgan in
defending it. And I feel like I have strong grounds on this, just like you. But the difference is, it's
not going to cost me to it'll cost me some time. It'll cost me some driving, but that's, but that's
it. I mean, that's, that's literally it. So it's not like, you know, you you, you know, putting up the
stop like this is going to discourage me off of my position, because I don't want to go and pay
for an attorney, or I don't want to I file my you know, I'm, I'm a pro se litigant. I've learned to
navigate the courts. I know how to draw up a complaint with a ton of teeth. And I was, I was, I
was hoping that we could avoid that. But apparently it's, it's, uh, you don't want to give and,
and obviously it's not something that that that I can give on. I
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 56:49
think it'd be fair to say neither want to give on the things that we feel passionately and and are
principally we feel principally about no no amount of threat of lawsuit, media attention,
financial implications make me change my mind on the principle of it. And I've explained to you
the principle of where I stand, the the liability that I would incur on the county if we did treat
you differently than the requester that brought you to our county to begin with, we would be
teeing up a lawsuit for Joshua and and I just can't Do that.
M Matthew Reardon 57:23
I just think, I think that you're, I think that you're coming up with these things that aren't even I
think that that you're coming up with with non issues, that you know, you're using that as an
example, and that's that's never even been presented. You've got a real issue right in front of
you that. I mean,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 57:48
Joshua has threatened lawsuits more than you have Matthew so, so I'm not dealing in
hypotheticals and speculations. I'm dealing with actual threats of lawsuit. Yeah,
M Matthew Reardon 57:58
but is he has? He actually has? He actually delivered, though, because I brought one up there
and actually I was, actually, I got it notarized, and I was, I would have filed it that day, had the
court not have already left by the time I got
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 58:10
notarized. Matthew, if you remember, I helped you get it notarized, yes.
M Matthew Reardon 58:15
And I was helpful to you, and I was ready to file it, and then walked you across the street, yeah,
and I was ready to file it, and then Morgan County doubled down on, as I said, Morgan County
doubled down on stupid with the, you know, denying me this other grammar request, denying
the fee waiver, and then doing the partial denial. And so before I got a chance to file it The
following business day, which would have been Monday, that's when I found out about that.
And so I said, Well, I can either hold off on filing that and amend it to add the new claims, or I
could file it and then prepare a second complaint. And I've actually, think I decided I've, I've
actually got, and I'll send you, I've got the second complaint, so I'm going to just follow it as a
second separate complaint. We'll just, we'll just take it that way instead of amending it.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 59:16
That's fine, but I will say you didn't hear from us on Monday, and so it's not exactly accurate. If
you want to file it, you could have come in on that Monday, Tuesday, or even Wednesday,
because I didn't get back to you on the request until Wednesday afternoon. So, so it's not
exactly how you outlined it, but it's pretty close. You still had more time that you could have
brought it in. Yeah, I think you saw, hey, the artist, trying to help me get this notary, like,
maybe they can release things, and then when we release some, but not all, it made you upset.
And I get it, you can be upset. That's totally what you can do from your perspective.
M Matthew Reardon 59:55
Well, I wanted to see, I wanted to see what you were going to do with this, with that other
grammar request. So, yeah, I mean, that's we
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:00:01
did. We released everything that, that we could, that wasn't protected and and I didn't charge
you for any time. I mean, we spent a lot of time on these grammar requests, and I could bill for
my time on your grammar requests above what the statute, the statute outlines, and I've
waived all of my fees. I'm not trying to bill you for my time, but I am an autonomous elected
official, and I can only control what the county attorney's office does. I can't control what the
commission does. I can't control what the sheriff, the Treasurer, the assessor, the clerk or the
recorder does.
M Matthew Reardon 1:00:39
Since when? Since when's the since when's the government ever had a problem with wasting
taxpayer dollars. That's never been a thing. That's just like, just like, you know, it's nothing to
waste taxpayer dollars going and defending a, you know, a lawsuit. What is it's just taxpayer
dollars, you know, that's this, I mean, and
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:01:00
all my constituents could be like, Why are you talking to Matthew? Why are you taking time to
walk into the bank where, like, it cuts both ways, Matthew, that's what I'm trying to tell you, is
I'll stand on my principles. If you want to appeal that, then I think the state records committee
is going to be a great place for you to advocate for your position. I advocate for mine. And if it
goes to the judicial branch, then, then we'll end up there as
M Matthew Reardon 1:01:25
well. I saw something on the news here, more recently, something about the state records
committee. There are now delays. There was something that happened with the state records
committee, where everything is really backed up or shut down, and it's just, it's, that's, that's
not a feasible way of going. I'm not gonna go the state records committee, but we're gonna
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:01:48
file straight to District Court. I am okay.
M Matthew Reardon 1:01:52
I am and I feel like I have it goes above and beyond just just I don't, I don't, I don't feel like I'm
really skipping it, skipping any steps here, I feel like this is, this is a matter that, in more ways
than one, that I have reason to skip, go and collect $200 you know, like, whatever it is in
Monopoly, You know, it's, it's, I don't, I don't. What was it? Monica with the state records board,
I saw it here more recently.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:02:33
No, you're fine. So there was a bill this last legislative session. So Bill 277, that worked to
dissolve the state records committee, and it created a government records office with a new
director. We are currently in the transition of getting that director into place so that they can
start hearing appeals. So appeals currently are not being heard. The state records committee is
now dissolved as of May 7, with a new law coming into place. So yes, if you were to file with the
government Record Office, it would be a couple of months before your
M Matthew Reardon 1:03:07
appeal is heard. Yeah, and that's just so you do, you do
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:03:10
always have the option after the chief administrative level to appeal to either the government
Record Office or district court. There is no fee for filing with the government Record Office. I do
believe there's a fee for filing District Court. I
M Matthew Reardon 1:03:24
would get that wave, though, like I said, with the mask, that's never been a issue. Hadn't been
an issue.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:03:37
Yeah, so if, I mean, if that is definitely, you know, always an option, and up to you on how you
would like to proceed, I will say, from from what he's what is being outlined as as far as the the
ID portion, like, like Garrett mentioned, that's going to have to be worked out with the
legislature. We are bound by what our legislature says. We don't have the option to pick and
choose who we apply that to and when and where it's applied that's fully outlined in our
statute, and we can't go against our statute that then will leave the employees facing possible
charges if we don't follow that statute as it's written, as far as going for The fee waiver, things
of 305, 18, if you guys would like to try to find resolution, as far as the fee, that's one nice thing
about mediation, you guys can find a resolution that works for you, but it is a give and take
process. From where are from where I'm seeing both of you, you are at an impasse, it seems.
But if you did want to try to find a workable resolution in lieu of District Court, just because it
does take time, there are costs associated with that. Again, I'm not trying to dissuade you from
going to District Court. I'm just saying In mediation, you do have more workable outlines than
you do in district court. District court, you get a yes, no, and that's the mediation. You have
more workable room to try to get resolutions that you like.
M Matthew Reardon 1:05:16
I've always been kind of a binary type person. I, you know, to, you know, let it, let it roll. And
that's where, you know, with with all this stuff over the last eight years, I'm a little bit different
of a I'm a little bit different than most. I'm not, you know, I'm one of those that, I mean, I
actually fired my civil rights attorney, and I'm going to be filing my own civil rights suit in
Galveston, because I don't want anything settled just quickly like that. I would rather roll the
dice. I would I would rather put all or nothing on the line to hold these people fully accountable
to the fullest extent of the law. And, you know, it's, it's, you call it what it is. Want to see if I had
any other like, I know I've got other things on here that I haven't touched on, because we kind
of do have anything. While I'm looking at this list,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:06:34
I would just say, read the statutes closely, because I'd hate to be in a position where you file
something that doesn't meet the code, and I argue that for the benefit of my client, and then
you think it's an attempt to hide records. I just think, you know, make sure you follow all those
outlines in the state code to make sure you're you've got a really good complaint, because it's
my job to attack procedurally and merit meritoriously, any complaint that comes,
M Matthew Reardon 1:07:08
I would fully expect you to. I mean, that's
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:07:12
not personal, and it's not whatever. It's just that's, that's the nature of my job, my position. I
look at
M Matthew Reardon 1:07:19
it, I don't want it to be a pushover. I want, I want to, I want to cut my teeth on it. But yes, so the
so the fee waiver denial. Fee waiver should have been granted under 60 3g, dash two. Dash
203. Section four, it looks so Section A, one two, as already touched on, the state of Utah
actively promotes transparency and public interest journalism, I would like to actually mention
a case right here, Kearns Tribune verse, Salt Lake County, 2001 Utah, 55 supports granting
waivers to the press, county gave boiler plate denial With no factual basis, despite
acknowledging public interest. So records clerks were directed by county attorney Garrett
Smith to treat everyone the same, ignoring press status and creating unequal treatment. And
obviously my the relief sought on that, I want an immediate reversal of the fee waiver denial
and waiver of fees for all related grammar requests. That's where I stand on that the and I
pretty much touched on most of this, the improper withholding under 305, paragraph 18,
partial denial cites anticipation of litigation for attorney communications, the county failed to
segregate and release non exempt portions. The blanket denials without a Vaughn index or
explanation are unlawful. Ah, like this, let's see communications about or targeting a journalist
should be released. Already touched on that so evidence of viewpoint discrimination and
retaliation. The third grammar request may 8 asked for a list of all media related grammar
requests over the last two, two and a half years, two, two and months, the request will show
whether others receive faster responses and free access. I think that's, you know, and and
honestly, I sent that grammar request attached in an email. I believe that that was on, that was
on May 8, so it's obviously, you know, under the media exception on the grammar request, an
expedited response in five days. Which would put it well, it's, I guess. I guess technically, when
you're talking about business days, you technically have another, I guess, two business days,
really one now. But I mean, that's the thing. I mean, when we spoke on Friday, and you looked
that up on the Zoom call and saw the grammar request, and I stated right there, you know, I
have to wait the five days by the statute, but you're the county attorney, and so you have the
ability to, you know, look into something before I get the before I get the results. And so if
that's your position, and you're sticking to it, but yet, there are these fee exemptions that are
granted to anybody that's made requests. Then Morgan County has a big issue, because the
one thing that you've harped on is equal, you know, not not doing things different for one, can
you do for others? And so if it, if it comes out that you know that there were fee waivers
granted that these, these requests were provided timely to other members of the press to
disseminate, but not me, then that becomes a viewpoint discrimination issue, that that goes
against everything that you have have claimed.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:12:54
That's right, Monica, Can I maybe just with your expertise? Because after our conversation, I
did go down and I talked to the records clerks, and I said, Well, how much time is this going to
take? Like, you know, I want to get moving on this. And they said, Well, that could take some
time, and is he going to pay for it? I said, Well, I know, we've we're trying to set up a mediation.
I'll ask at mediation. So So Monica on on this one, if they, let's just say it's $50 of their time, you
know, beyond the exemption provided in in the statute, and they're applying their same policy
that they apply to other media requests. If that information is gathered, and then we say, okay,
Matthew $50 here's the records, and he doesn't pay it. Then, then what is the county's
obligation at that point? Or Or do we have an obligation to pull it together? Or do we say, okay,
it's likely to cost, you know, somewhere under $100 and if it goes beyond that, we'll let you
know before we do more
M Matthew Reardon 1:14:13
research. But if you're granting fee waivers anyways, in the past, for
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:14:18
other people, you know, in other media, and say it could cost up to this amount, and then they
say, yep, that's okay, but they don't release the records until the payments made. And so if
they say we're not going to make the payment, do they need to go do that research regardless,
even though they said they won't pay.
M Matthew Reardon 1:14:40
I think this is something that is a public interest issue, that it comes down to the point
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:14:46
Matthew, I'm asking her under the code, the way she interprets it, not the way you interpret it,
because it's a May, it's not a shall,
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:14:56
yeah, so as far as, as far as the responsive records, so if you are needing to compile records,
right, you don't have a kept record for what they're asking, but you could go research records
to get that information. So you're compiling the information, you are to give them an invoice
with a fee estimate if that fee estimate is going to exceed $50 so if you're already looking at
your record series, essentially and for a time period, or the amount of records you're like, This
is going to be a lot for us to go through. We can already tell them it's going to hit $50 you'd
want to send that invoice to him for him to go through the appeal process before any work is
done. Okay,
M Matthew Reardon 1:15:38
I can't believe you're actually wanting to charge me for that, though. Like to actually look and
see if that's that's, can you
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:15:44
wait? Please? Thank you.
M Matthew Reardon 1:15:47
That's just
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:15:48
do not do any work and then submit the charge to him. That is, that is not fair, because the the
requester has to agree to the fee before they pay for it, right? You can't charge a fee to
someone they didn't agree to that and then hold that above their head for all future requests
being denied it for an outstanding unpaid fee. And Matthew, to your point, I really do
understand your frustration. Again, our legislature has stated that we are allowed to charge
fees for actual costs, for time spent, while they do encourage those fee waivers, they are not
mandatory, it is discretionary.
M Matthew Reardon 1:16:27
I just, I just think this is going to make for a great story the public's going to love to hear about
this, about wanting to charge to look to see if other members of the media got charged when,
when it's a common practice throughout the state of Utah, you're actually talking about
wanting to charge me to look and see if you've if you've waived other like, do you? Do you
realize how bad this this story is going to look, how much, how much worse the story is going to
look on Morgan County, Garrett, one thing
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:16:57
that may be beneficial for you, Matthew is to look at the SRCS past orders, and you can actually
see all the fee waivers that they've either granted or denied. Where's
M Matthew Reardon 1:17:09
that
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:17:10
I can hear, let me put in a link to the website that has their orders, and there's a full text
search. So when you're in there, you can search media and fees, and it should pull up every
single order that they've had. So there have been some for media members, for fee waivers
that have been denied and upheld by the state records committee.
M Matthew Reardon 1:17:38
Well, okay, there have been some denied, but, I mean, he's
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:17:41
thesis, but that that is discretionary. So if an entity has an approved fee schedule, if they are
following their normal practices, if they do not find that they are able to expend that time for
free, then it is their right to authorize those charges.
M Matthew Reardon 1:18:01
And that's fine. That's his right. That's that is. That is his right, and it's also, like I said, it's my
right to put a story out on it that every one of my my requests have been denied for the fee
waiver. And then when I ask if other media companies or journalists that have requested
things, if they've made fee waivers that the county has approved. You want to charge me for
that, like, that's, that's fine. We, we'll go that route. That's, that's I, I'll get a better enjoyment
out of putting that story out. And you'll get off of, off of me, just, you know, saying, hell no, I'm
not going to pay it.
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:18:41
But, but that's the thing, is, you are benefiting from this, because you the views and you know
you're putting your book out. I'm not, I'm not opposed to reading your book. I even told you I
probably would, but you said it wasn't out yet, so you're, you're still getting the benefit,
because this is your job right now, right is I mean, and to spin it the way you want
M Matthew Reardon 1:19:04
I mean, I mean maybe and maybe not talking about something down the road. Do you realize
how much I'm having to pay for it and basically work for free and being a liaison to the public
and advocating for transparency and advocating for, do you realize all the losses that I've
taken? Do you realize all the time I've spent, like everything that I've lost?
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:19:33
So yeah, for you, I've told you I feel bad for your family situation,
M Matthew Reardon 1:19:36
but, but you want to charge me to look for, if you really felt bad for me, you would look these
records up and give me the answer and not try to charge me for the whole if any other
members of the media made requesting to Morgan that were
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:19:52
I told you I would have paid for your notary. Fortunately, they didn't charge. I mean, I I have to
do my job as county attorney, but what I do is Garrett Smith may be different, so I'll go down
and I'll see what it would cost. I'll let you know, or I'll have them let you know, and then we'll go
from
M Matthew Reardon 1:20:08
there. If it's anything more than zero, it's it's too much, and just out of principle, I'm gonna say,
No,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:20:16
yeah, I understand that. And like I said, out of principle, I'll say we're not going to waive it when
we don't waive it for others in your same situation,
M Matthew Reardon 1:20:27
Mr. COVID, this can be a fun one.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:20:31
Well, even though you guys are at an impasse, as far as agreeing to disagree, it seems at this
point we're going to have to do I don't hear any points of resolution for moving forward, and I
believe Matthew has outlined his pathway that he is seeking to go forward. Regardless of that, I
really do appreciate you guys coming to mediation, having an open conversation and hearing
each other out. I understand it's definitely not an easy thing to do, especially when you
disagree. Do you guys have any questions for me?
M Matthew Reardon 1:21:09
No, thank you for your time. When is when is Morgan County hold their board of aldermen
meetings? Are there? They're not Board of Aldermen meetings. They're county commission
meetings,
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:21:23
typically on the first and second Tuesday of the month, first and third, excuse me, Tuesday of
the month Planning Commission are typically second and fourth Thursdays of the month. But
it's all on our website. Those are the typical ones we have other public bodies though, that me,
and you can also find that on the Utah public notice website, which is very helpful, because
then you can get notifications to each meeting, like we have advisory boards right for different,
you know, the airport or Whatever else.
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:22:05
If you guys do have any follow up questions for me, please let me know. I'd be happy to help.
I'm here for any type of grandma questions that you may have as you go throughout this
process, or respond to any requests appeals, things of that nature. All
M Matthew Reardon 1:22:19
right. I appreciate it. Monica, take care. All Right. Bye. You.
1:23:40
And then, What? What kind
1:23:46
of issue, that
M Matthew Reardon 1:23:47
I commonly used, clam up and, you know, keep records from the public. This is a This is A
1:29:04
1:29:04
at the next Stop sign, Turn right. You
G Garrett Smith - Morgan County 1:29:50
turn left onto child's Avenue, Then turn
M Monica Minaya - OMBudsman (Mediator) 1:29:53
left onto 26th street.