Joe Edward Morris, Ph. D. 
Licensed Psychologist 
1018 North Gloster Street Tupelo, MS 38804 
662-844-3065 
Confidential Psychological Report 
Name: Matt Reardon 
Date of evaluation: 9/11/17 
Date of Birth: 3/24/87 
Chronological Age: 30 
Referral Source: Lafayette Chancery Court, Judge Whitwell Examiner: Joe Edward Morris, Ph.D. 
Licensed Psychologist 
Reason for Referral 
On 9/11/17, I conducted a psychological evaluation of Matt Reardon. It is my understanding that the purpose of the evaluation is to provide psychological documentation that Mr. Reardon is psy- chologically and emotionally able to have unsupervised visitation with his 3 year-old daughter, Lydia. 
Mr. Reardon was cooperative and maintained good eye contact. He was appropriately dressed. He is considered to be a reliable informant. He was motivated and cooperative. 
Mr. Reardon's evaluation consisted of a social history intake and the following psychological instruments: Minnesota Multi-Phasic Personality Inventory-2,, 16 Personality Factor Test, Beck Anxiety Inventory, the Beck Depression Inventory and the Maternal Discipline Technique. The Maternal Discipline Technique consists of sixteen situations that require parental discipline and the parent is required to explain their disciple procedure the first time the child misbehaved, the second time the child misbehaved and the third time the child misbehaved over the same behav- ior problem. 
Bo 
In relating his personal history, Mr. Reardon, 30 age, was born in Atlanta, GA. Family history is negative for mental health issues. Education history reflects he graduated from high school and has some college. He is currently self-employed with his own company that he just started last year. Prior to that he was with Sentext Solutions since November of 2012. Before that, he was with Smart Circle/New Element INC. as a trainer for 7 months. He was in the U. S. Marines for 3 1/2 years and discharged for General Under Other Than Honorable Conditions for alcohol re- habilitation failure. He did not see active combat but stated he witnessed two suicides. Legal his- tory is positive for one DUI (2012). He was arrested 5/26/2017 for aggravated stalking/cyber 
E99 909 290 
Page 2 
stalking. He was incarcerated for 40+ days and stated he was coerced under stress to get out and see his daughter. 
Alcohol/Drug history is positive for treatment in the Marine Corps and self-admitted in April, 2017, COPAC. He was in for a week for detox. Mental Health history is positive for one visit with Shonda Miller, psychiatrist and had 2/3 counseling sessions with Carol Miller. He also saw a student counselor at University of Mississippi weekly for about six months. Social history re- flects he has never been married and has the one daughter age 3. Medical history is negative and he takes no medication. 
In assessing his mental status, Mr. Reardon indicated did not feel depressed or anxious, except some anxiety about not seeing daughter. Clinical observations were consistent with his subjective assessment. He was oriented in all spheres. His affect was congruent. He denies suicidal and homicidal ideation. Sleep and appetite are reported as normal. No psychotic signs or symptoms are indicated. He denies any labile behavior, crying spells or explosive outbursts. His thoughts were connected and logical. Psychomotor activity was normal. He presented psychologically as stable. 
Tests Administered and Diagnostic Conclusions 
With the exception of mild elevations one the L (Lie) and Paranoid scale of the Minnesota Mul- tiphasic Personality Inventory-2, which within the context of his legal issues are considered typi- cal, all of his other test results, all of his other test results/profiles fell within the normal/typical range. His responses on the Maternal Child Discipline Technique represented appropriate and acceptable parenting skills. Test results are consistent with his mental status as observed and re- vealed during interview. 
Summary and Conclusions 
окрошка дро 
Leccbnon 
cug hon bark ou que arteer Oppora go not wing The above test results, background information, history, and clinical interview project the clinical picture of a 30 year old male/father who presents with no significant psychological deficits. His scores reflect an emotionally stable individual who would be an effective and caring parent for his three-year old daughter. No red flags surfaced that would indicate the contrary. He was can- did in reporting incidents in the past where his behavior may have not suggest psychological health or emotional stability.q) 
MUA OLL 
Joe Edward Morris 
Ph. D. Licensed Psychologist 
rougeq (spons 
DILECITOU 8 TO 100 99 909 290918