IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
VS. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PLAINTIFF 
2017 MAY 26 PM 3:32 
CAUSE NUMBER: CV-2016-422W 
AB 
DEFENDANT 
PETITION FOR CITATION OF CONTEMPT 
COMES NOW the Plaintiff, Phyllis Marie Crowder, and files this her Petition for Citation of 
Contempt against the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, and in support thereof would respectfully 
show unto the Court the following: 
1. 
This Court has personal and subject matter jurisdiction in this matter. 
2. 
That the Defendant, Matthew Oliver Reardon, is an adult, resident citizen of Lafayette 
County, Mississippi, and may be served with process at his residence in Lafayette County, Mississippi, 
or wherever he may be found. 
3. 
That on May 10, 2017, this Court entered an Order which provided, in part, that the Defendant 
is restricted from "contacting harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering 
with the Petitioner...in person, through third parties, phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other 
technical device, or any other means, directly or indirectly." A true and correct copy of said Order is 
attached hereto as Exhibit “A”. 
4. 
That further, the Court's Order restrained Matthew Oliver Reardon from "contacting, harassing, 
intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner's attorney...in person 
through third parties, phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other 
means, directly or indirectly." See Attached Order. 
5. 
That in paragraph 10 of the Court's Order dated May 10, 2017, the Court Ordered that each 
party agreed to refrain from making comments on social medial regarding each other, the Court, the 
attorneys, and the nature/extent of the Court proceedings. See Attached Order. 
6. 
Additionally, in paragraph 2 of the Court's Order, Matthew Oliver Reardon was ordered to 
continue to pay $600.00 in child support to the Petitioner and although he has paid $2,000.00 toward 
the arrearage, the Defendant has failed to pay child his continued child support obligation. 
7. 
That the Defendant herein, Matthew Oliver Reardon, has willfully and contumaciously failed to 
comply with the Order of this Court, and therefore, the Plaintiff requests that the Court find that 
Matthew Oliver Reardon in both criminal contempt and civil contempt of this Court for his willful 
failure and/or refusal to abide by the Orders of this Court, and prays that he be immediately 
incarcerated until further Orders of this Court. 
8. 
That since the entry of the May 10, 2017 Defendant's behavior has become increasingly and 
extremely erratic, volatile and threatening in nature, as he is mixing illegal drugs and alcohol while in 
possession of what Matthew Oliver Reardon purports to be a loaded assault weapon, and therefore, 
Plaintiff requests that the Psychological Evaluation previously Ordered by this Court take place 
immediately and that the Court make a determination as to whether an involuntary judicial 
commitment is appropriate. 
9. 
That Plaintiff has incurred attorney's fees in bringing this action and requests that the Defendant 
Matthew Oliver Reardon should be required to pay to the Petitioner, Phyllis Marie Crowder, a reasonable sum 
as attorney's fees for having to bring forth this action and that all costs of Court should 
be taxed to Matthew Oliver Reardon. 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED, this the day of 
MONA T. PITTMAN, ESQUIRE 
P. O. Box 2958 
Oxford, Mississippi 38655 
Telephone: (662) 234-9346 
Facsimile: (888) 922-5946 mona@panola.com 
they may Mona Vitte 
ла 
MONA T. PITTMAN, MSB # 9754 Attorney for the Plaintiff 
2017. 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
COUNTY OF LAFAYETTE 
Personally appeared before me, the undersigned authority in and for the aforesaid County and State, the within named, Phyllis Marie Crowder, who, after being first duly sworn, states that the matters contained in the above and foregoing Petition for Citation of Contempt are true and correct as 
therein stated. 
This the 
day of May, 2017. 
Phyllis Marie Crowder 
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME, this the day of May, 2017. 
TARY 
KATE OF MISSI 
NOT 
PUBL 
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES: Oct 20, 2017 
SONYA CASSIDY LOGAN 
Commission Expires. Oct. 20, 2017 
ANOLA COUNTY 
Songa Cay shege 
NOTARY PUBLIC 
EXHIBIT 
A 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
V. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
RITMAY TO PH 4:22 
PLAINTIFF 
KC 
CAUSE NO: CV-2016-422W 
DEFENDANT 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE having been set for hearing on May 9, 2017, regarding the Temporary 
Restraining Order entered by this Court on May 1, 2017, the Court, pursuant to Rule 65 of the 
Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure hereby withdraws its Order dated May 1, 2017, and enters 
the following Preliminary Injunction which has been agreed to by both parties: 
1. That the Petitioner is hereby granted continued sole legal and physical custody of 
the minor child. 
2. 
That the Respondent shall continue unto the Petitioner the amount of $600.00 as 
child support every month on the 1st day of the month beginning May 1, 2017, and continuing 
until further Order of this Court. 
3. 
That pursuant to an agreement between the parties, the Respondent shall have supervised visitation with the parties' minor child every other Sunday from 2:00 p.m. until 2:20 
p.m. on the premises of the Oxford Police Department, beginning Sunday, May 14, 2017. Said 
visitations shall be supervised by Shannon Flemons and Maddie Dorris. 
4. With the exception of the aforementioned supervised visitation, the Respondent is 
restrained from going onto the property of the Petitioner, the Petitioner's work, the child's 
schools or any other place where the child may be and is further restricted from contacting, 
harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner and/or 
Ona 
the minor child. The Respondent is further restrained form being located within 500 yards from Phyllis and from L.E.R., the minor child of the parties; from visiting or contacting the residence of the Plaintiff; having contact with the Plaintiff or L.E.R., in person through third parties, phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or 
Rebe 
byjcept that the Responchot MAY netny Vider messages fothu minus Gulf thangthe indirectly, atting of his chavsing the may forward the video to the Attorny In the petitioner who wid 
Prvik The Video & The Miner child, The Petitiones mng kiliwiłe provide a Aispose vince fum the mines chist to the desperdus through her attorney. 
5. That the Respondent is restrained from going onto the property of the Petitioner's attorney, the Petitioner's attorney's work, her children's schools or any other place where the her children may be and is further restricted from contacting, harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner attorney, her immediate family, her former husband, and her children. The Respondent is further restrained from being located within 500 yards from the Petitioner's attorney, her immediate family, and her children; from visiting or contacting the residence of the Petitioner's attorney, having contact with the Petitioner's attorney her immediate family, in person through third parties, phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or indirectly. 
6. That the Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi and his deputies and all other law enforcement officers, city, county or state, should be authorized, empowered and directed immediately to take Matthew Oliver Reardon into custody, without further order, and incarcerate him in the Lafayette County Jail if he violates any provision of this /Temporary Restraining 
Lorder. 
Rius 
7. That both parties have agreed to undergo psychological examination, evaluation and testing by Dr. Joe Edd Morris in Tupelo, Mississippi and will cooperate with Dr. Morris and provide any and all documentation, releases for information, etc. to Dr. Morris in furtherance of the psychological examination, evaluation and testing as he deems fit. Each party will be 
responsible the costs associated with his/her examination, evaluation and testing. The parties will immediately follow the recommendations of Dr. Joe Edd Morris as to counseling/treatment. 
8. That both parties have agreed to undergo hair follicle drug and alcohol testing no 
later than Friday, May, 19, 2017 through Capital DNA Testing, phone number 601-201-0880, at their own expense. Each party shall be responsible for contacting Capital DNA Testing and making arrangements for scheduling of the same and will sign releases for the same to be 
released to Petitioner's attorney. 
9. 
That the Petitioner agrees to have delivered to Oxford Police Department the 
following items at 10:00 a.m. on Saturday, May 13, 2017, for retrieval by the respondent: 
a. 
Respondent's 48-inch Samsung Smart TV with remote; 
b. 
Respondent's 42-inch Flat Screen TV store in pantry; 
C. 
Respondent's kitchen table with 4 chairs; 
d. 
Respondent's 4 in 1 Smoker Grill Set; 
e. 
Respondent's Samsung Galaxy Tablet (white); 
f 
Respondent's car seat; and 
g. 
10. 
Respondent's other personal belongings in garage. 
That the parties hereby agree that neither shall make disparaging remarks about the other to the minor child and that each party hereby agrees to refrain from making comments on social media regarding each other, the Court, the attorneys, and the nature/extent of the Court 
proceedings. 
11. 
That all matters remaining before this Court will be held in abeyance at this time. 
12. 
This matter is continued for further hearing until the 10th day of August, 2017, at 
the Lafayette County Courthouse, is Oxford, Mississippi, at 9:30 a.m. or as soon thereafter as the 
parties may be heard. 
L 
SO ORDERED on this, the / day of May, 2017, hente fame to MAY 9 20117 0h 
This order prepared by: 
MONA T. PITTMAN 
MSB # 9754 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
P.O. Box 2958 
Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: 
(662) 234-9346 
mona@panola.com 
Approved: 
CHARLES E. YOW, II MSB # 104420 
Attorney for Respondent The High Cotton Building 1300 Van Buren #112 Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: (662) 232-2440 ceyow@yowlaw.com 
CHANCELLOR