665 Highway 51 North Ridgeland MS 39157 
W. Criss Lott, Ph.D. Clinical and Forensic Psychologist drwclott@gmail.com 
10 September 2022 
Honorable Kent E. Smith 
Circuit Court Judge District 3 
P.O. Box 670 
Holly Springs, MS 38635 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY FILED 
BY: 
SEP 1 9 2022 
JEFF BUSBY 
CIRCUIT CLERK 
AF D.C 折 
Re: 
Matt Reardon 
Tel: 601-707-5023 
Fax: 601-707-5068 
Cause No.: LK2022-310MISC 
Dear Judge Giles: 
I am writing to provide the results of my evaluation of Matt Reardon. Mr. Reardon was evaluated on 10 September 2022 via videoconference at the Lafayette County Jail. 
I obtained collateral information from his wife, Madelyn Reardon. 
I. IDENTIFICATION/PURPOSE OF EVALUATION: 
Mr. Reardon is a 35-year-old white male who was referred by the Court, on motion of his attorney, for a psychiatric evaluation to determine the following: 
The Defendant has been charged with the crime of aggravated stalking. Miss. Code Ann. 97-3-107. At the hearing on this matter, the Court heard testimony of eight witnesses ranging from law enforcement agents to the victim and victim's husband. Based on the testimony and other evidence presented at the hearing, and considering Article III, Section 29 of the Mississippi Constitution and Mississippi Rules of Criminal Procedure 8.2 - 8.5, the Court finds that the Defendant being at large will pose a real and present danger to the public and specifically to the victim, City of Oxford Mayor Robin Tannehill and her family. The Court finds no condition of 
Page 1 of 22 
bond, or combination of conditions, would eliminate or minimize the risk of harm to the public or the victim and her family. Therefore, it is the opinion of the Court bond is hereby REVOKED and DENIED. 
Further, the Court orders the Defendant submit to a mental evaluation for the following purposes: 1) an assessment of the Defendant under the M'Naghten standard, 2) an assessment of the Defendant's mental competency to stand trial and to assist his attorney in his defense, and 3) an assessment of the Defendant as a behavioral threat and his potential for dangerous or violent tendencies. 
II. NOTIFICATION: 
Mr. Reardon was informed that this was a forensic evaluation and that I would not be providing any type of mental health treatment. He was informed of the non- confidential nature of this evaluation. He was informed that the report would be provided to his attorney, to the Court, and to the District Attorney's office. 
III. 
INFORMATION REVIEWED: 
1. Order Cause No. LK2022-310MISC 
2. Underlying Facts and Circumstances Affidavit by Michael Joseph Mauney 3. Arrest Warrant for Matthew Oliver Reardon 
4. Transcript of Court's Ruling Before Honorable Kent Smith on 6 July 2022 5. Social Media posts from Matt Reardon 
6. Audio recordings of calls from Matt Reardon to Lisa Crowder 
7. Audio recording of call to CPS by Matt Reardon 
8. Video recordings by Matt Reardon 
IV. 
CHARGES: 
According to the Arrest Warrant, Mr. Reardon is charged with Stalking; Aggravated Stalking. 
According to an Underlying Facts and Circumstances Affidavit by Michael Mauney, with the Mississippi Highway Patrol, undated: 
INTRODUCTION 
Page 2 of 22 
On June 23, 2022, the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation (MBI) received a call in reference to a case involving Mayor Robyn Tannehill. Oxford Police Department Investigators briefed us about the case involving suspect Matthew Oliver REARDON. REARDON has an active restraining order issued through a Chancery Court in Lafayette County, MS. 
DETAILS 
I Lieutenant Joey Mauney was assigned to the assist with the investigation. I arrived at the Oxford Police Department at approximately 0900 hours and met with Investigator Shane Fortner in reference to their investigation thus far. 
Investigator Fortner briefed me on the information that the Investigators had about the case. The suspect Matthew Oliver REARDON was under a protection order issued by the Chancery Court. 
I, Lieutenant Joey Mauney, reviewed the case report by Lieutenant Shane Fortner then proceeded to go to Facebook and went to Matthew Reardon's public page https://www.facebook.com/profife.php?id=100079610670652. I observed a link to a YouTube video https://youtu.be/mh96ckpwv3Y. I clicked on the link and was directed to the video on YouTube and began to watch the content. 
up 
The incident involves a video is 23 minutes and 35 seconds in length. In the video, you can see Matthew Reardon walk up to the doors of City Hall and enter the building at approximately 3:53 on the video. He goes to a display board that shows where the different departments are within City Hall. He then proceeds to walk around the first-floor videotaping before returning to the display board at approximately 5:45 on the video. Reardon then walks the stairs to the second floor and proceeds to Mayor Tannehill's office doors. He stands at the doors for a brief time then walks away but soon returns. At approximately 7:49 on the video, he attempts to enter the door by using the doorknob but was unsuccessful. He again walks away until he is met by someone on the second floor. He tells the female that he remembered the mayor's office is on the first floor from when Mayor Patterson was in office. 
The suspect Matthew REARDON has continually violated parts of his restraining order issued to Mayor Robyn Tannehill. The suspect Matthew Oliver REARDON has done this in person as well as social media outlets like Twitter and Youtube. The suspect made tweets towards the Mayor on several different occasions to include May 23, 2021, August 3, 2021, August 
Page 3 of 22 
11, 2021, August 12, 2021, August 17, 2021, August 23, 2021, and September 1, 2021 just to name a few incidents. 
Based on the about facts and circumstances and the heinous nature of this crime, this affidavit requests an Arrest Warrant be issued for Matthew Oliver REARDON for Stalking; Aggravated Stalking. 
V. BACKGROUND INFORMATION: 
Mr. Reardon said he was born on 24 March 1987 in Atlanta. He said his mother, Elizabeth Reardon, is 56 years old and his father, Mike Reardon, is 62 years old. He said his parents have been divorced since he was 16 years old. He said his mother never remarried. His father married Royce Bond when Mr. Reardon was 20 years old. He said he lived with his father after his parent's divorce. 
His mother said is a nurse practitioner and his father is a plant manager with Georgia Pacific. He said his stepmother is a homemaker. 
He said he has one sister, Chelsea age 32. She is married and lives in Rock Hill, South Carolina. 
Mr. Reardon has been married once to Madelyn Dorris for five years. He said they have three children together and both have an eight-year-old child by different relationships. He said his wife works for Red Med Urgent Care Clinic as a receptionist. He noted that he and his wife have a special needs child who was recently released from Le Bonheur Hospital and has to have a feeding tube and is on oxygen. 
He said he was living with his wife and children and his wife's grandmother in the grandmother's home in Lafayette County at the time of the index offense. 
VI. 
EDUCATIONAL HISTORY: 
Mr. Reardon graduated from Lafayette High School in 2006. He said he moved from Atlanta his freshman year in high school. He said he developed friends after his first year. He said he interacted well with teachers and students. 
He said he attended regular classes. He was held back in middle school when he began a college preparatory school. 
Page 4 of 22 
He said he was suspended once in high school for fighting. He was never expelled from school. 
He said he played tennis in high school, 
He attended Delta State University for one year. 
VII. EMPLOYMENT HISTORY: 
Mr. Reardon served in the Marine Corps from 2007 until May 2011. He said he received a general discharge due to "alcohol rehabilitation failure." He said, "I witnessed a suicide in combat training where a guy put an M16 in his mouth and pulled the trigger. I rounded the corner and saw it as it happened. I then self- medicated with alcohol.” He said his MOS was 6252, an aircraft mechanic. 
He said he moved around after he left the military. He said he lived in Missouri and in Oxford before moving to Atlanta to live with his mother. 
He said he worked with a business, Sentext Solutions, a mobile marketing company, as a regional partner from 2012 to 2017. He said he trained and worked with 150 staff across the county. He said he continued to receive a residual salary from the accounts he had been working. 
At the time of the index offense, he said his wife was working and he was taking care of their children. He also said he is an independent journalist. He said he was in the process of going to a school to get his commercial driving license. 
His wife said that Mr. Reardon said he worked for Alexander and Winton in Olive Branch as the vice-president of sales for a transportation company. She said Mr. Reardon's best friend is the owner. She said Mr. Reardon left the job because of conflict with the owner's wife. 
He said he never received any Workers' Compensation or disability benefits. 
VIII. LEGAL HISTORY: 
Mr. Reardon said he was never seen in Youth Court or by the Department Human Services (DHS) as a child or as an adolescent. 
Page 5 of 22 
He said on May 1, 2017, he was standing in front of the Confederate statue holding the prior state flag. He said an officer pulled up and asked him if he had a permit and he told the officer he did not need a permit, he had the 1st amendment. He said the officer told him he had to leave if he did not have a permit. He said the officer told him if he did not leave, he would arrest him for disorderly conduct. He said he asked the officer for his badge number and the officer charged him. He said the video went viral on his websites (Riding with the Outlaw, and lafayettems.net). He said both sites are down because he has not paid the fee. He said he posted bond after two hours and was released. 
He said on 16 May 2017 he went to a city hall meeting and said, “I spoke out against the incoming mayor because she had authored a resolution to remove the state flag from city property. I'm a constitutionalist and I believe if a city takes tax dollars from the state, they should fly the state flag. She had already removed it from city property, and I had a big problem with that. I called her a cultural Marxist. They were trying to silence me and not let me speak. I stood up and was speaking out against what they had done." He said, "I received a temporary restraining order of Robin Tannehill who is the current mayor, and it said I had to stay 500 feet from her. And it basically prevented me from speaking out at the next meeting because she was the incoming mayor." 
He said he was charged with aggravated stalking in 2017. He said he was charged with stalking a bar owners in Oxford. He said on the affidavit he was accused of making threats online with an AR15 on or before May 8, 2017. He said he had papers that showed that he purchased the AR15 on May 20 and his wife corroborated this fact. Mr. Reardon said he bought the gun because he had "received some death threats. My ex told me she knew somebody that was intent on killing me. I'd been very outspoken at the time. I had a big following." He said he sat down with an FBI agent on 25 May 2017 and showed the agents the text messages his ex-girlfriend sent him, and the agents said they would investigate further. He said the next day he was arrested for the aggravated stalking charge. 
He said he had been going to a bar in Oxford on an almost daily basis until May 19, when the female owner refused to talk to him about his business and she tossed his order in the trash that he had paid for. He said he called for a boycott of the bar on social media after this incident and he was arrested on 26 May. He said the police seized his AR15 and a 40-caliber pistol and he has not had a weapon in his possession since they were taken from him. He said he plead guilty to aggravated 
Page 6 of 22 
cyber stalking and received five years probation and he was banished from Oxford or Lafayette County for the condition of the probation. He said while in jail on this charge, his lawyer convinced him to agree to a permanent restraining order with Robin Tannehill and it would help him get out of jail sooner, and he signed the agreement. He said he then moved to Olive Branch. He said he got the probation dropped after two and a half years and he eventually moved back to Lafayette County. 
He said he was arrested for a disorderly conduct and resisting arrest in December 2020. He said he went to the sheriff's office and was trying to get some help from the sheriff's office in dealing with his ex-girlfriend. He said the ex-girlfriend told the sheriff that he was not allowed to see his child per DHS, and he said DHS said that was not true. He said DHS told him to go to the sheriff's office and do something about it. He said he sent the sheriff an email, but the sheriff did not reply and he went to see the sheriff. He said he parked next to the sheriff's vehicle and a deputy told him he needed to move his car. He said he told the deputy he would move his car as soon as he talked with the sheriff. He said the deputy told him he was going to charge him with disorderly conduct. He said the deputy charged him and put him on the ground. He said he was convicted, and these charges are under appeal. 
He was arrested for a DUI in February 2021 
He was arrested on the index offense 28 June 2022 for aggravated stalking. He said he walked into Oxford City Hall “to do a 1st amendment audit, basically do a video document of city hall." He said, "It was not my intention to see the mayor. Looking back, I kick myself. I never had any malice in my actions. I never intended to harm the mayor. I never wanted to talk to her." He said he was arrested a week later while going into Chancery Court for a custody issue regarding his 8- year-old daughter and ex-girlfriend. He said he was arrested for aggravated stalking. He said he received a $10,000 bond but he said his bond was revoked. 
When asked if he had made any comments on social media regarding the mayor, he said he replied to a couple of messages that the mayor had sent out, but he said he never threatened the mayor. 
He said he has not had any RVRs while in the jail. 
I did not receive an NCIC. 
Page 7 of 22 
IX. FAMILY LEGAL HISTORY: 
He reported no family history of arrests or any problems with the police. He said he was never exposed to violence in his family or in the community. 
X. MEDICAL/DEVELOPMENT HISTORY: 
He said he did not have any major childhood illnesses or injuries. 
He said he has no auditory or visual deficits. 
Mr. Reardon said he has no history of seizures, head trauma, or any motor vehicle accidents. 
He has chronic back pain. 
XI. 
MEDICATION: 
Mr. Reardon said he is not receiving any medication. He said he was not receiving any medication at the time of the index offense. He said he has been receiving Vistaril in the jail to help with his sleep and Meloxicam for back pain, and the jail staff corroborated these facts. 
He reported no known allergies to any medication. 
The jail staff also reported that he had not exhibited any behavioral problems in the jail. 
XII. ACTIVITIES OF DAILY LIVING: 
Mr. Reardon said that he was living with his wife and children in Lafayette County. He said his wife was working and he was taking care of the children. He said his son was in the hospital at the time of his arrest on this charge. He said his son was born at 28 weeks and weighed two pounds eleven ounces. He was in the hospital until his discharge about three weeks 
ago. 
He said he was helping with most of the domestic needs. He was cooking, cleaning, and taking care of the children. He has a license and was driving. He said he was helping manage the finances. 
Page 8 of 22 
He said he was spending most of his time taking care of the children. He said, "I did a lot of investigative journalism work.” He said he had started a podcast and was trying to build a website and trying to generate an income. He said he served as his own attorney in his appeal to the Supreme Court on his previous charge. 
He said he was not involved in any religious activities. He said he was not a member of any organization, such as the Oath Keepers. He said he is a member of the Constitution First Amendment Press Association and he said he has press credentials identifying him as a member. 
His wife said they have always had a very close relationship. She said he is a very loving father and his children "adore him." She said he has never exhibited any violent or aggressive behavior toward her or toward anyone in the community. 
XIII. PSYCHIATRIC HISTORY: 
He said he had never been physically or sexually abused. 
He said he was diagnosed with an attention deficit hyperactivity disorder as a child and took medication for this concern through high school. 
He said he was sent to North Mississippi State Hospital Stabilization Unit. He said, "I found a record that had been changed in the circuit clerk's office on two open cases of mine. The sheriff pulled up and told me not to go back in there unless I had something to file. I later found out that the sheriff told Communicare that I was going to public places and recording people. The very next day on December 7 (2021) the sheriff's department pulled in behind us as my wife and I were pulling into my home, and they took me to the jail and to the hospital. I was in the Crisis Center from December 7 to December 23. I received the diagnosis of bipolar unspecified and I was prescribed medication which I took it until a week before I was hospitalized a second time. I was released on an outpatient commitment, and they had scheduled a follow-up appointment. My wife and I were down to one car, and I had scheduling difficulty and I conveyed to them that the previous commitment was fraudulent. I submitted an eight page later on February 7 and on February 9 (2022) they said I missed an appointment, and they held me for six days and took me to East Mississippi State Hospital and they held me for 30 days. For the first 27 days the doctor there said I didn't need any medicine and I didn't have bipolar. Then he suggested that I get on a mood stabilizer, and I agreed to a shot of Abilify." He said he has not received any medication since taking this shot. 
Page 9 of 22 
He said he was not seeing anyone at the time of his arrest on the index offense. 
He said he received psychological testing in 2017 with Dr. Joe Morris which he said was court ordered. He said he was evaluated at East Mississippi State Hospital in March 2022. 
I did not receive any mental health records. 
XIV. SUBSTANCE USE HISTORY: 
He said he began smoking cigarettes at the age of 17 and was smoking a pack every other day at the time of his arrest on the index offense. 
He said he began drinking alcohol in college and said he did moderate to heavy binge drinking while in the Marine Corps. 
He said he began smoking marijuana at the age of 17. He said he was smoking "an eighth every two weeks." He said he planned to get his medical marijuana card for his "PTSD" now that it is legal in Mississippi. 
He reported no other drug use. 
He said he has received treatment for substance abuse while in the Marine Corps. 
XV. FAMILY PSYCHIATRIC HISTORY: 
He reported no family history of intellectual disability, mental illness, or substance abuse. 
XVI. MENTAL STATUS EVALUATION: 
Mr. Reardon presented as a well-nourished, white male. He said he is 5'8” tall and weighs 145 pounds. He was dressed in an orange detention jumpsuit. He has short hair and a several days growth of beard. 
His posture and gait appeared appropriate and no abnormal motor movements were noted. He made good eye contact during the evaluation. 
He said he has no tattoos. 
Page 10 of 22 
He was alert, attentive, and he responded promptly to questions. His speech was of normal rate and tone. No expressive or receptive language deficits were noted. 
His objective expression of emotion was broad in range, as he smiled and laughed appropriately at times and expressed frustration regarding his legal situation. When asked to describe his mood, he said, “Just very anxious. I need to be out there with my wife and kids." He reported problems with his sleep in the jail but noted no problems with his sleep before his arrest. He reported no problems with his appetite. He reported that he had gained about 10 pounds since his arrest. 
He denied any history of suicidal or homicidal thoughts or gestures. 
He denied any history of manic or hypomanic behavior, and he did not exhibit any manic or hypomanic behavior during my evaluation. 
His wife said she has never seen him exhibit any odd or bizarre behavior, including any indication of a "bipolar disorder." She said, "He's very head strong and doesn't give in to things that he disagrees with. He doesn't let a lying dog lie.” 
He said he had difficulty with night terrors after witnessing the suicide in the Marines. He said his anxiety and nightmares have diminished over time, and he noted no current trauma-related concerns. 
He said he has never experienced any unusual thoughts or perceptions, including any auditory or visual hallucinations. He said he has never heard or seen things that other people did not hear or see. He said he has never believed that he has any special powers or abilities. He reported no unusual or bizarre fears. 
When asked about any history of antisocial behaviors prior to the age of 18, he reported no history of cruelty to animals, setting fires, vandalism, or theft. He said he never skipped school and never ran away from home. He has never been affiliated with any organization, and he denied any history of inappropriate sexual behavior. 
Mr. Reardon's recent and remote memory appeared intact as he was able to recall general childhood information and recent personal information. Immediate memory was intact as he repeated five of five objects immediately and four of five after a several minutes delay. He had no difficulty performing simple calculations. He repeated six digits forward and five digits in reverse. 
Page 11 of 22 
His verbal abstracting abilities appear to be in the average range, as evidenced by his explanation of how several words are similar: orange/banana - “fruits," dog/lion - "animals,” coat/shoes - "clothes,” boat/car - "vehicles,” eye/ear – “body parts," button/zipper - "fasteners," north/west - "directions," egg/seed - "sprout," table/chair -"furniture," air/water - "elements," poem/painting - "illustrations,” and work/play-"don't know that one." 
He gave the following explanations to the proverbs: Strike while the iron is hot “Go for it, don't hold back." Don't cry over spilled milk - "Don't fret the small things." 
Social judgment appeared appropriate. When asked what he should do if he found an envelope in the street that was stamped and sealed and had an address, he replied, "Put it in the mailbox." When asked what he should do if he saw thick smoke coming from his neighbor's window, he replied, "Call 911." When asked why we pay taxes, he said, "For funding our country.” 
XVII. ASSESSMENT RESULTS: 
Mr. Reardon was administered the verbal domain on the Reynolds Intellectual Assessment Scales Second Edition (RIAS-2). He appeared to put forth good effort, and the results are considered an accurate estimate of his current level of functioning. 
Intellectual/Achievement: 
The RIAS-2 is an intelligence test appropriate for use with individuals between ages 3 to 94 years. It is composed of a Verbal Intelligence (VIX), Nonverbal Intelligence (NIX) and Composite Intelligence (CIX) Index scores. The verbal and nonverbal domains have two subtests. The subtests have age-corrected T scores with a mean of 50 and a standard deviation of 10. The Index scores have a mean of 100 and a standard deviation of 15. He was administered the verbal domain. 
The Verbal Domain includes two subtests: Guess What (GWH) which measures vocabulary knowledge in combination with reasoning skills that are predicated on language development and fund of information and Verbal Reasoning (VRZ) which measures analytical reasoning abilities. 
He obtained the following scores: 
Page 12 of 22 
Subtest 
Index 
%ile 
Verbal Intelligence Index 
95 
37 
Conf. Interval 
91-99 
Guess What 
52 
Verbal Reasoning 
42 
Mr. Reardon's scores fall in the average range. 
XVIII. PROVISIONAL DIAGNOSES: 
1. Unspecified Personality Disorder 
2. Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, by history 3. Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, by history 
XIX. KNOWLEDGE OF COURT: 
Revised. This is a 
Mr. Reardon was administered the Fitness Interview Test structured questionnaire used to assess an individual's competence to stand trial. 
Mr. Reardon reported that he had been appointed an attorney, "Mark McClinton. Mitchell Driskel was first appointed, but he withdrew from the case." He said that he has met with his attorney once. 
He said he has not entered a plea and noted that he was just recently indicted. 
I. Understanding the nature and object of the legal proceedings 
Factual knowledge of criminal procedure: 
1) Understanding arrest process: 
Mr. Reardon reported that he was arrested "June 28, 2022, at Lafayette County Chancery Court." 
He said he was interviewed at the jail. He said he was given his Miranda rights. He said he made a statement. 
2) Understanding the nature and severity of current charges: 
Page 13 of 22 
Mr. Reardon reported that he is charged with "aggravated stalking.' He recognizes that this is a serious charge. 
He knew the possible penalty for the charges were "up to five years and $3000 fine." 
3) Understanding the role of key participants: 
He said he had been seen in Court for the "aggravated cyber stalking" in 2017. He said he took a plea bargain for five years probation and banishment from the city and county during the time of my probation." 
When asked the role of his attorney, he stated, "he's supposed to represent me and defend me." When asked the title and role of the opposing attorney, he said, "The District Attorney prosecutes the case." When asked the role of the Judge, he said, "He's the interpreter of the law." When asked the role of the jury, he said, “Decide guilt or innocence." 
When asked his role, he said, "To defend against the crime I'm alleged." When asked what witnesses do, he replied, "They testify for or against the defendant." He said an eyewitness is "somebody that saw what went on." He was also familiar with the roles of character and expert witnesses. 
When asked the role of the police, he said, "To tell about what they witnessed." When asked the psychologist's role, he said, "You're doing an examination for my ability to stand trial, my mental status at the time the crime was committed and a risk assessment.” 
4) Understanding the legal process: 
When asked what is meant by an oath, he replied, "You're swearing to tell the truth.' 
When asked what could be used as evidence in Court, he replied, "Anything that's said, any admissions of guilt, anything eye witnesses." 
Page 14 of 22 
He knew the number of people on a jury. He said "all 12" had to agree in order to reach the verdict. When asked what happened if they could not agree, he said, "It's a hung jury. It's a mistrial." 
He said he has never served on jury duty, and he was not familiar with how the jurors are selected, and this process was explained to him. 
When asked how certain he thought the jury and Judge had to be in order to find him guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, from 50%, 75%, to 95% certain, he said, "95 percent." 
5) Understanding of pleas: 
When asked what it meant when a person pleads not guilty, he replied, "They're not guilty of the crime they're accused of." When asked what happens in Court to someone who pleads not guilty, he responded, "They have a trial." When asked what type of things a lawyer might do if he pleads not guilty, he replied, "Participate in selecting the jury and gather the discovery." 
When asked what it meant if a person pleads guilty, he replied, "They did the crime." When asked what happens in Court to someone who pleads guilty, he said, "They're sentenced." When asked what things a lawyer might do when someone wants to plead guilty, he replied, "negotiate a plea bargain.” 
When asked what rights he waived if he pleads guilty, he said, "You're right to an appeal and to a trial.' 
6) Understanding of court procedure: 
Mr. Reardon knew that his lawyer was the only person that could call him to testify at his trial. He understood that the "The District Attorney" could ask him questions once his lawyer finished examining him on the stand. When asked what the Prosecutor was trying to do, he replied, "Trying to unnerve me and admit guilt.” 
He stated that the Judge would be "officiating and mediating." He also said the Judge would "issue a sentence" if he is convicted. 
Page 15 of 22 
When asked what questions he would ask his lawyer before he decided whether to plead guilty or go to trial, he replied, "They should consult with their lawyer and give all the facts of the case." 
II. Understands the possible consequences of the proceedings 
Appreciation of personal involvement in and importance of proceedings: 
7) Appreciation of range and nature of possible penalties: 
When asked whether he would plead guilty or not guilty, he replied, "I'm going to plead not guilty." 
When asked the possible penalty, he replied, "five years." He understood he would serve time "in prison." 
8) Appraisal of available legal defenses: 
When asked how he thought he could be defended, he replied, "I was engaging in a constitutional protected activity. There was never activity that caused someone to fear. The whole thing is videoed." 
9) Appraisal of likely outcome: 
When asked the chance of being found not guilty, he replied, “My attorney feels like this is something that we can win. This happened in a public building, not a residence.” 
He recognized that the Court has authority over him and that he would have to abide by the Court's decision. 
When asked what he could do if he is found guilty and believed he did not receive a fair trial, he said, "Appeal." 
III. Communicate with counsel and ability to participate in defense 
10) Capacity to communicate facts to lawyer: 
Page 16 of 22 
Mr. Reardon reported that he was arrested, and said, “I was arrested walking into Chancery Court." 
When asked why he was arrested, he replied, "for aggravated stalking." 
He said he made a statement to the police, and he recalled being given a Miranda warning. 
11) Capacity to relate to lawyer: 
When asked what he thought about lawyers, he said, "It's kind of hit and miss. There are good lawyers out there." 
He said he trusts his lawyer, but he said he has not had much time with his current attorney. 
When asked if he believed he would receive a fair trial, he said, "I feel it needs to be out of Lafayette County because it involves the mayor." 
12) Capacity to plan legal strategy: 
Mr. Reardon indicated that he would be able to discuss the legal strategy with his attorney. 
He said he did not know if he would follow his attorney's instructions if his attorney did not want him to testify, as he said he wanted to testify. He said he did not think he would agree to taking a plea bargain if his lawyer recommended it. 
When asked what he would do if he disagreed with his attorneys about how to handle his case, he responded, "You should get a second opinion." 
When asked why he should talk with a lawyer before pleading guilty, he said, “What are the consequences of your plea.” 
When asked the consequences of being found incompetent to stand trial, he said, "They're hospitalized." 
Page 17 of 22 
13) Capacity to engage in own defense: 
Mr. Reardon indicated that he would be glad if his lawyer could find some way to have the charges dropped or the District Attorney's office made an error and his lawyer wanted to appeal. 
When asked if he would possibly agree to a plea bargain if he could get a lesser sentence, he said, “I don't know.' 
14) 
>> 
Capacity to challenge prosecution witnesses: 
When asked who should challenge a witness if he thought a witness was testifying and was not telling the truth, he stated, "My attorney." 
When asked if there was anyone likely to lie about him, he stated, “I hope not. 
** 
15) Capacity to testify relevantly: 
Mr. Reardon said that he had not had any problems communicating with his lawyer and would not have difficulty assisting him. 
When asked if he would have any difficulty testifying in Court, he said, "No sir." 
16) Capacity to manage courtroom behavior: 
Mr. Reardon reported that he recognized the importance of controlling his behavior in the courtroom. He said that the only time he could speak was "When you're asked a question." 
When asked what would happen if he began misbehaving, he replied, "The Judge would find me in contempt.' 
XX. MENTAL STATE AT TIME OF OFFENSES: 
He said he was living with his wife and family and his wife's grandmother in Lafayette County at the time of the index offenses. He said he was taking care of his children at that time. 
Page 18 of 22 
When asked to describe his behavior at the time of the alleged offenses, he said: 
This was on a day my wife was off of work. I did a 1st amendment audit, something I'd done a lot of reading on. I said up front that I was here to do a 1st amendment audit to make sure that public officials respect my rights. I just walked into city hall. There's a lot of historical things inside city hall. There's a glass case with things from the past. My intent in the end was to get an expenditure of what the city spent in a quarter, like an itemized description. I went up the stairs to the second floor. At that time, I realized the mayor's office had moved upstairs. I didn't go into her office. I made a statement to a lady that they had moved the mayor's office upstairs. I told her I was gathering content for a story on city hall. A police officer came upstairs and escorted me out the door and told me I couldn't be there because of the restraining order. I had no way of knowing if the mayor was there. I told him I wouldn't go back in, and I left. The captain came out and spoke to me and told me I had a restraining order and I told him I didn't know the restraining order said I couldn't go into city buildings. After that I went home and like four or five days later, I was arrested on that charge. 
Mr. Reardon said he had not used any drugs or alcohol on the day of the index offense, and he said he was not receiving any type of psychotropic medication. 
XXI. FORENSIC OPINIONS: 
ADJUDICATIVE COMPETENCY: 
LEGAL STANDARD: 
For a criminal defendant to be deemed mentally competent to stand trial, he must have "the sufficient present ability to consult with his lawyer with a reasonable degree of rational understanding and a rational as well as factual understanding of the proceedings against him." Hollie v. State, 174 So.3rd 824, 829 (Miss. 2015) citing Dusky v. United States, 362 U.S. 402. 
The Mississippi Supreme Court in Hearn v. State, 3 So.3d 722, 728 (Miss. 2008) opined that a defendant must meet the following criteria in order to be found 
Page 19 of 22 
competent to stand trial: 1) Able to perceive and understand the nature of the proceedings; 2) Able to rationally communicate with his attorney about the case; 3) Able to recall relevant facts; 4) Able to testify in his own defense if appropriate; and 5) Whose ability to satisfy the foregoing criteria is commensurate with the severity of the case. 
The Mississippi Rules of Criminal Procedure also established the following criteria regarding a defendant's competency to stand trial. According to Rule 12.1(a): In order to be deemed mentally competent, a defendant must have the ability to perceive and understand the nature of the proceedings, to communicate rationally with the defendant's attorney about the case, to recall relevant facts, and to testify in the defendant's own defense, if appropriate. 
OPINIONS: 
It is my opinion, to a reasonable degree of psychological certainty, that Mr. Reardon has sufficient present ability to confer with his attorney with a reasonable degree of rational understanding and he has a factual and rational understanding of the nature and object of the legal proceedings against him. 
He understands the charge against him and the maximum penalty he could receive if convicted. He was familiar with basic psycholegal constructs and processes, and he has a good understanding of the plea process. Mr. Reardon has the capacity to testify if he chooses. 
He was polite and cooperative during my evaluation. He responded promptly to my questions and his responses were at all times coherent and goal-directed. 
He was administered the verbal domain of an intellectual test and his intellectual score fell in the average range, and he should not have any difficulty comprehending any legal information that is presented to him. 
MENTAL STATE AT TIME OF ALLEGED OFFENSE: 
LEGAL STANDARD: 
The Mississippi Supreme Court in Sanders v State (2008) 63 So.3d, 560-62, stated that Mississippi follows the M'Naghten Rule for determining legal insanity. Under the M'Naghten Rule, a defendant may not be held criminally liable for his actions 
Page 20 of 22 
at the time of the alleged crime if he "was laboring under such a defect of reason from disease of the mind that either (a) he did not understand the nature and quality of his act, or (b) if he did understand the nature and quality of his act, he did not appreciate that the act was wrong (citing M’Naghten, 8 Eng. Rep. 718 (1843)." 
According to Rule 12.3(c)(3)(b) of the Mississippi Rules of Criminal Procedure, the test to determine if a defendant meets the criteria for legal insanity is: 
If the psychiatrist's and/or psychologist's opinion is that at the time of the alleged offense the defendant suffered from a defect of reason from a mental disease or defect, the relation, if any, of such to the alleged offenses, including: (i) Whether the defendant knew the nature and quality of the defendant's actions; and (ii) If so, whether the defendant knew that the actions were wrong. 
OPINIONS: 
It is my opinion that Mr. Reardon was not suffering from a severe mental disorder at the time of the index offense, and he would have known the nature and quality of his actions and he would have known that his actions were wrong. He appears to have narcissistic personality traits, but his personality traits would not have prevented him from knowing that his actions were wrong. 
He said he knew that he had signed a permanent restraining order regarding Mayor Tannehill, but he said he did not believe that the order applied to public buildings. 
His wife said he has never exhibited any violent or aggressive behavior, and she said he was not exhibiting any threatening or aggressive behavior the day of the index offense. She described him as opinionated and head-strong, but she said he had never made any threatening comments about anyone in the community, including the mayor. 
VIOLENCE RISK ASSESSMENT: 
I am not able to offer a formal opinion regarding his risk for future violence as I do not have all of his mental health records and I do not have access to all of his previous social media sites, as he said his social media had been taken down and he no longer had access to any of his previous posts. His wife said he made a 
Page 21 of 22 
couple of videos in 2017 when he had been drinking and she said there was a gun in the background, but she said he did not threaten anyone in the videos. 
I did not see any indication of threats of harming Mayor Tannehill in the information that was provided to me, but again, I did not have access to his previous social media sites. 
His wife said he has never exhibited any violent or aggressive behavior in the home or with anyone in the community. She said his ex-girlfriend has sent Mr. Reardon threatening messages, but he has never threatened to harm anyone, including the ex-girlfriend or Mayor Tannehill. 
DISPOSITION: 
In my opinion Mr. Reardon does not need any further evaluation regarding his competency to stand trial or his mental state at the time of the index offense, and he is capable of proceeding with his case. As I noted above, additional data is needed to complete a violence risk assessment. 
Please advise if I can provide any further information. 
Respectfully, 
W. Criss Lott, Ph.D. 
Page 22 of 22