Untitled Note
Mon, Jun 02, 2025 9:30AM 4:00:00
SPEAKERS
Speaker 2, Young-Williams Supervisor, Speaker 5, Speaker 4, Matthew Reardon, Speaker 3, Speaker 1
Matthew Reardon 00:00
Four and Clearfield, Utah, 886014, I think it was or No, no, 884016,
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 00:16
okay. Thank you so much. I think you requested a call back.
Matthew Reardon 00:21
Yeah, I've been waiting for they keep telling me they're gonna have somebody from legal call
me, have one of the attorneys up there call me. And nobody ever does it. I mean, it's, it's, you
should see plenty of notes there on it, but they haven't been documenting my case either.
They're very well,
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 00:47
okay, I see a message to the attorney back on 529,
Matthew Reardon 00:54
that was last week. That was the attorney.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 00:58
Oh, they sent a message to the attorney, but the attorney has not responded. That was five
years nine, when your case is really not illegal, it's kind of hard to get the attorneys in, no
excuse. But if it's not illegal, it's kind of hard to get the attorney sooner. Throwing like fans. If
your people feel illegal, they probably respond,
Matthew Reardon 01:22
Matthew Reardon 01:22
right? Needs to be in legal. There's there's fraud, there's fraud being committed. There's like,
I'm literally, I've been completely robbed here. My like, my ex is getting 90% 90% of my
income, and then she's gotten to double dip because of young William. She's gotten to draw it
twice, you know. So I've been yelling fraud since day one. I have nothing left. I actually lost my
house, you know? I So, like I said, as far as physical addresses go, good luck in getting that,
because I warned y'all about this happening, that I was about to lose my house, and nobody
cared. You know, everybody wanted to just continue allowing her to double dip on child
support, put me in arrears. Even though I've never been in arrears. I've never I've never not
paid child support. It's been paid every single month. And, you know, I back in January, I sent in
my information to get my child support amount adjusted, and they confirmed receiving it
January 31 and then they decided that they were going to sit on their hands and not even enter
it into the system until, like, April 20 something, and then, you know, meanwhile, my message
has stayed the exact same every single time it's been consistent that that my ex has
committed fraud, that my child support amount is way out of line. Nobody cares. Nobody's
done a single thing about it. And then, and then, now, this is a situation has gotten created is
y'all just, y'all, y'all, y'all help to force somebody homeless.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 03:10
I'm not sure what you mean by What do you mean by double deal? What do you mean by that?
Matthew Reardon 03:14
I mean, I mean, y'all put me in like, an $800 in the arrears type of, type of my, my child support
has never not been paid. And that was actually proven. I provided the documentation that the
accountant that pays out my the little bit of residual income that I have, has always paid her to
her bank account on the same day every month by a court order with the chancery court. So,
you know, this was just a this was a ploy of hers, I believe, because I was in prison. I got out of
prison January, 22 this had already been switched over, even though she was being paid
directly to her bank account every month.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 04:00
They adjusted those credits. They gave you $800 credit for that.
Matthew Reardon 04:05
So why am I in arrears right now then, like, the way, why is there, like, a rears balance of 100
and something dollars? And if that's if that's the case, because I've, like, literally, I can and I
can show I can show proof. I can show it a ledger. My child support has been paid every month.
And then, not only am I within arrears balance, but y'all had adjusted my child support amount
actually up. Instead of it being 400 it's like 485 480 or 485 is being held out of the you know,
maybe $500 of residual income that I have left so that doesn't even, I can't even get a tank of
gas.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 04:50
It looks like $80 worth attached for arrears obligation.
Matthew Reardon 04:59
Yeah, there's never an arrears balance. They adjusted all that without giving me any kind of
hearing or anything. You know, since I I've been claiming the same thing since day one, and
I've provided all documentation. And that's the thing. It'd be one thing if I didn't provide
documentation, but I did, and I kept saying this since the beginning. I It looks like a balance was
lived over in February. I
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 05:52
what I can do is I can see I can email an attorney to get back with you. Like I say it's hard when
your case is not illegal,
Matthew Reardon 06:01
yeah, but your
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 06:04
frustration, but yeah,
Matthew Reardon 06:07
and they tell me the same thing every single time. And you know, it's, I just this is this. It's
completely circular. I I'm gonna go find I'm gonna go find me a spot underneath the bridge, and
I can't wait for the day for that residual income to run out of money and there not be a source
to get from
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 07:01
this I can email an attorney to contact you, because we reached out to them. They left
messages for legal to contact you. A staff missed some stuff on last week. Looks like another
message. They got a hold on something here, and it's probably going to take care of that real
balance. We need to see Peter come in. Do you have contact with her?
Matthew Reardon 07:29
Wait, I have a hold for what
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 07:35
do you have contact with? Ms Crowder, she needs to come in and do an AOA.
Matthew Reardon 07:39
No, I don't. And she has cut my mom out of the picture. As far as my daughter, I haven't been
able to talk to her see my daughter in four years. You know, so she is. She is a complete loser
of a person.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 07:52
You now let me see if I can hear her on the phone, and she needs to come in and give you
credit for those payments too. She has to fill out an affidavit of accounting like she came in to
do it.
Matthew Reardon 08:19
I've got a signed copy, an affidavit of accounting that she sent my mom so she never did turn
that in recently. It was, let me check the date on it, it was, see Maddie. Where's that?
Somewhere around right here. Okay, so it was, she filled this thing out on see what's the date
this was, it's signed, April the third, 2025 well, and then it was notarized. Well, ya know, April
the third, 25 it doesn't surprise me, because she's gonna try to double dip and try to get away
with with, you know, it's so long as it's inflicting just some type of harm on me, that's, that's
what she's she's after.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 09:50
Yeah, she came in if it took to complete it back on our April the second, and we gave her the
paper. We asked her to come back. Oh, notarized in return, but she didn't return it. So, you
know, that's what we need. CP and office complete the AOA giving you ready for the amount of
case paid to her, but she never
Matthew Reardon 10:12
broke so because she didn't bring it back in, I'm the one that has to reap the consequences of
that. Y'all couldn't. Y'all couldn't have just adjusted it and and then, because this is her fault, if
she, you know, she can sit on it forever, and then I'm the only one that gets this that's affected
by it.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 10:31
I mean, if you're, if you're overpaid, they're definitely sending the money back at the end of the
day. It's on hold right now, nobody's getting the money until she brings the AOA in, but,
Matthew Reardon 10:43
but I'm the one that's I'm the one that's truly affected here. I'm the one that needs my money
that she's taking. She's taking literally every last dime. So of course, she doesn't want to bring
it in, because why would she there's there. She has no incentive to bring it in.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 10:59
I that case, like I said, They'll refund it back to you. Any over payment, they'll refund it back to
you.
Matthew Reardon 11:11
Okay, well, when they'll send
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 11:18
her, let me see if I can get her on the phone to see if she's willing to come in. I don't even know
if we ever didn't let me see if I can contact her to see if she will come in to go ahead on the
week that if not, I refer it up for them to go ahead on it, send it back, because, yeah, she has
give you credit for it. We got your copy of it, but she has to do that ALA, to compare to it. Once
it's compared, and say, Okay, well, he's paying this month. He don't owe this right? Here, they
release that money back to you,
Matthew Reardon 11:58
right? Yeah. I mean, she's been going around and telling people that I'm not paying my child
support and I'm behind, even though I have, you know that it is, it is taking food out of my
mouth and my other kids, you know, because of what she's doing. And, yeah, she, I mean, she,
she's basically, she was trying to go to my mother and get my mother to give her money,
saying that I had not paid my child support and that I'm behind and you know, and when my
mother told her no, because I had verified these facts with y'all, she cut my mother off from
communication with my child like this is The same ploys her using the child as a manipulation
tool, and she's she needs to go to prison, is where she needs to go. That would do a lot of good
for her to go and spend some time in prison.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 12:59
Yes, unfortunately, you know, people live. They're deceitful. They do things that you know you
probably wouldn't do. But remember the kids, you know, they'll have to face with that in the
end. But far as like, the system and the way it's set up, you know, we have to, it's a process.
She'll definitely have to suffer for whatever she's doing wrong on your behalf towards you and
the kids. But as far as these payments, let me see if I can get her on the phone. I'm going to
display it up for them to review it. Like I said, that payment is on loan. She isn't getting it, and if
it's said that, it goes back to you, look at the overpayment, they will refund it back to you.
There's no time frame that I can give you right now. Just keep calling back. Don't let it go. Just
continue to stay on and get updates from day to day. Well, what
Matthew Reardon 13:48
about, what about this? What about this extra $85 a month I'm being taxed with? I mean, do I
get interest on on that that's just being taken out? Because that's that's above and beyond and
really hurting me even more. It's like, you know, I'm not
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 14:07
once the arrears are adjusted, they're gonna take that out there, put that on there for arrears.
That's for a reason. But once the arrears are adjusted, she does this. CoA, everything gets
adjusted. When you have no arrears, that $80 will come off, they'll take that off of there, and
you'll just be paying an American $400
Matthew Reardon 14:27
well, but that, I mean, why hasn't that been adjusted? I sent in, I sent in all my, my, you know,
proof of income, everything that was needed January 31 and, you know, it literally, it's, it's
blatantly clear to see she's getting like 90% of my income. Now, you know it's, it's, that's way
out of out of whack. She's, she's far overpaid.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 14:58
Like I said, that has to be the order, the order,
Matthew Reardon 15:04
no, ma'am. Y'all are actually I, and I know this for a fact, that once it's it's assigned, it's no
longer in the judges hands. It's no longer a chancery matter, because it's been assigned, it's
been rerouted to child support enforcement. And so Child Support Enforcement has the ability
to review and to to reduce or increase but, but typically reduce the child support obligation,
and so I did what was required,
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 15:36
to sign up on the order, okay,
Matthew Reardon 15:43
Matthew Reardon 15:43
well, Where's, where's all that, where's all that, at it in the process?
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 15:51
I mean, that's child support. When you got this order, you have to go to a judge, right?
Matthew Reardon 15:54
No, I know that, but, but you know, y'all, I was already told that the process is, you have to
send, you know, this stuff into y'all, which I did, and it's on, it's, you know, I sent in my
information for everything to get reviewed and reduced. So I'm trying to find out where that is
at in the process, because that was sent in January 31
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 16:21
right? So the attorneys are reviewing for the modification. Once the review is done, they will
send it to the judge and they will fit another order whether to increase or decrease.
Matthew Reardon 16:31
Oh, the attorney process,
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 16:35
not a time frame on
Matthew Reardon 16:37
the attorneys. This same ones that have refused to give me a call, I have to rely on being the
ones to review that. So if they're not doing their their you know, if they're not returning calls
and they're basically saying, screw you on that, then obviously they're not gonna you know, it's
that makes, that makes all the sense in the world now. So it's a, this is the legal division up
there, also that can be 100% blamed on all of this. Because, I mean, not one time have that
have I gotten a call from and they're supposedly the reason that this thing is held up. Right
now, do I need to sue an attorney? I would love to.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 17:29
I mean, that's totally up to you, but I don't even see a copy of your request for modification.
You say you did it in January, yeah,
Matthew Reardon 17:37
and then, and then it was, see one thing that I can 100% say, for a fact, nobody can, can never
say differently, is that I document everything well, and I found out on one of the last calls that
there was, you know, at least one, if not a couple of phone calls that I made in there that were
never documented or were deleted out of the system. And then, and then it was at I found out
on the call that I made on April 30 or April 31 that they had received or that I had sent in. The
lady said that I had sent in the thing on the 31st but they didn't enter it into the system until
it's like April 26 and now you're saying there, you don't even see any any evidence of it in the
system.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 18:35
Yeah, I see it now. I see it now. It just wasn't under modification. It was under email. Usually
when you do a review modification, it says RBM, home, but you had yours in the email where
you sent the copies of the payment, the credit payment, yeah, it was in an email.
Matthew Reardon 18:56
So the emails just get overlooked and just get put aside into another folder. Eventually,
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 19:07
when you do a review of modification, it usually says rbmo, you did a reading review request
for modification, and it was under emails, yeah, it was overlooked.
Matthew Reardon 19:19
It was overlooked. Yeah, so what's somebody gonna do about that then? Because I did
everything I was supposed to do, and now it's it was overlooked and actually overlooked
multiple times. It
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 19:38
was the oversight by me just did. I didn't see it like I said. I didn't see it because it wasn't
labeled rvmo. No, I know
Matthew Reardon 19:47
clearly the agency itself has overlooked it as well. Because if it was turned in January 31 and
nothing's still been done about it, then it would make sense that that the agency has
completely overlooked it as well. Maybe
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 20:07
that possibly may be, but I'm going to refer it up for
Matthew Reardon 20:15
another, another month of extremely outrageous child support, and then there won't be
anything left. Probably, she's probably the last month of child support, because there won't be
anything left to send text. I just lost my house, so it's gonna be fun having to collect from
nothing.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 20:35
Well, like I said, review modification process is up till six months. That's stated on the
document, it takes a while, and I'm having overnight it takes up to six
Matthew Reardon 20:53
months for that review, but I will told young Williams that it will take up to six months for me to
for me to pay my child support. You know it's coming, but, but it'd be about six months and
then, and then I'll send the check. God, if they would take that one. I
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 21:37
You for the modification, see if they can get legal to go ahead and contact you within the next
24 to 48
Matthew Reardon 21:46
hours. I won't hold my breath in
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 21:52
that way. You can express your frustration with legal. Hopefully, I'll give you a call by end of
day today, no later than tomorrow. Need to come off the CP too. Let me see if I can get in touch
with her. But I'm going to escalate it up for the poor review, to send illegal, illegal escalations
you've been coming in. Matter of fact, I'm trying to reach out to my father to look at the case
right now, hopefully somebody can leave me some
S Speaker 1 22:26
results. Okay, all right, Thank you.
Matthew Reardon 22:30
You're Welcome. Bye.
36:03
Continue on to state route 131,
S Speaker 2 36:18
in 1.3 miles merge onto US. Reporting East You turn right onto Montgomery Street, then take
The first right onto North Fourth Street.
Matthew Reardon 38:17
Jesus Ray open what Thank you. Yeah, I wasn't sure if y'all were open or not. I've never seen a
sonic empty I was just making sure that y'all were there or the in there before I ordered on the
app, I said I was making sure that y'all were open. I've never seen a sonic that that, literally,
there's nobody there. I had to make sure that y'all were open before I ordered on the app. I I
know that I had that's why I hit the button. Was to make sure y'all were there. I didn't see
anybody inside. Sam, sorry, Said, I'm ordering on the app. I said, I'm ordering on the app. I'm
ordering on the app. Yes, Ma'am. I get out of Here You hello. Thank you, Ma'am. Thank you. You
too. Knock, knock, Knock, Knock, you. Call me buddy. Call me Buddy. You.
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 1:10:40
Hi, you've reached this record turning
S Speaker 3 1:10:53
group. Can you delete
S Speaker 4 1:10:54
Your name, Number?
S Speaker 3 1:11:02
You the class again, maybe
S Speaker 5 1:23:32
seven ways
S Speaker 1 1:23:39
that will Look at eyes and
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 1:23:41
promises this weekend, The place,
S Speaker 3 1:24:40
really, like many, many times. And check out A weekly fire. Out a weekly fire. What
Y Young-Williams Supervisor 1:26:55
you mean. 100,000 every trillion company,
S Speaker 3 1:27:18
and still going strong, Be successful. COVID together, completely. I.
S Speaker 5 1:28:25
Every year that will take you anywhere
S Speaker 3 1:28:31
you need to go back.