Case: 36C11:22-cr-00358-GFT 
Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 1 of 9 
IN THE THIRD CIRCUIT COURT FOR LAFAYETTE COUNTY MISSISSIPPI 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
VS 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY FILED 
MATTHEW REARDON 
BY: 
Cause No: LK22-358 
OCT 3 1 2022 
JEFF BUSBY CIRCUIT CLERK 
CIRCUSCLE 
D.C. 
MOTION TO WITHDRAW GUILTY PLEA 
Comes now before the court Matthew Reardon, the Defendant, and respectfully moves 
this court to withdraw his plea of Guilty and either dismiss the charge or reset this matter for trial. 
In support thereof, Defendant offers forth the following facts and reasons this court should 
GRANT this request: 
1) On June 28, 2022 Defendant was arrested for the crime alleged of Aggravated Stalking through an 
arrest warrant cut by the Mississippi Bureau of Investigations. 
2) The Defendant was initially given an appearance bond of $10,000 which was then revoked upon 
motion of the District Attorney and hearing to follow. 
3) Defendant was initially appointed representation by counsel Mitchell Driskell whom represented 
him at this hearing. 
4) During the hearing, there were numerous instances in which Defendant's counsel should have 
objected to questions, statements, and testimony; yet never did due to whom these individuals 
happened to be. 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT 
Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 2 of 9 
5) At some point after the Preliminary Hearing concluded and Defendant's bond was revoked, Mr 
Driskell dropped out as Defendant's Legal Counsel for reasons still unbeknownst to Defendant. 
Defendant was not notified of this for 2-3 weeks' time, and had not been notified that he had been 
assigned new counsel. 
6) The replacement attorney would be Mark McClinton, however, Mr. McClinton did not contact 
Defendant for approximately the first 2-3 weeks' time that he was appointed as Defendant's 
counsel. 
7) The one and only time Mr McClinton met one time with Defendant at the Lafayette County 
Detention Center for approximately 30-45 minutes time. At that meeting he advised Defendant 
that without a doubt he was innocent of the crime alleged as his presence in City Hall was lawful, 
constitutionally protected, and no contact was ever attempted or made with the alleged "victim". 
8) Elaborating further, Defendant swears under the pains and penalty of perjury that he never once 
touched the doorknob to the mayor's office and was solely scanning a QR Code on the door with 
his other phone. 
9) There was never any contact made with the alleged "victim", there was never any threats 
communicated to the alleged "victim", and there was never any physical act of violence or harm 
to the alleged "victim". Defendant has long maintained that the 2017 protective order came about 
entirely based upon political oppression and a rash attempt to immorally silence an outspoken 
political opponent. 
10) Defendant felt after that first initial meeting that it was like "pulling teeth" to get his legal counsel 
Mr McClinton to communicate with him about his case at hand 
2 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT 
Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 3 of 9 
11) A true examination of the Affidavit sworn and attested to by the "alleged victim" would show that 
there was never the first threat communicated to her or her husband and that everything contained 
in the affidavit was constitutionally protected activity by a member of the press protected in whole 
by the US Constitution and in particular, the 1st Amendment, or an over-exaggerated perception 
by the Tannehill's. Mr. McClinton would have known just that had he examined this key 
information. 
12) All research into restraining orders in Mississippi led Defendant to believe that the restraining 
order taken out in 2017 should have been declared expired and void. The sole reason this matter 
was never contested in 2017 was due to false promises and assurances by Defendant's Legal 
Counsel (Brennan Horan) that if he simply agreed to the order and signed it, that it would help 
ensure him gaining his freedom, and also that protective orders only have a lifespan of 3-years 
before they have to be reapplied for and reinstated. These promises and assurances clearly never 
happened. 
13) The entire event of walking into Oxford MS City Hall on or around 6/20/2022 was fully 
documented and recorded, which a thorough investigation by the Mississippi Bureau of 
Investigations would have revealed that Defendant never exerted the first action that would be 
considered to be threatening and that solely filming the publicly accessible areas of the lobbies of 
city hall was protected in whole by the 1st Amendment to include Defendant's Absolute Right to 
request public records from the City Clerk which Defendant was about to do when he was escorted 
from the building by Oxford Police Department. 
14) That while outside, Captain Lyons approaches Defendant and advises him that his restraining order 
was still active and simply warns Defendant not to go back in to City Hall again else he'd face 
3 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT 
Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 4 of 9 
arrest for trespassing in violation of a restraining order, to which Defendant agreed and went about 
his way. 
15) Yet even after being given a warning which Defendant fully adhered to, Chief Jeff McCutchen 
decided on his own accord to refer the event out to the Mississippi Bureau of Investigations. 
16) Chief McCutchen was well aware that this move would ultimately create a huge conflict of interest, 
and ultimately create a fully biased "investigation" by involving the MBI, as Defendant Publicly 
Accused MBI of being Complicit through Dereliction of its Duties by refusing to return four prior 
calls over a span of months regarding allegations of Election Fraud and Public Corruption 
involving of all people, the alleged "victim" in this matter. Finally Defendant receives a call back 
which is recorded and then published after the MBI refused to even look into any claim made. The 
recorded call can be viewed at https://youtu.be/vss4WedUndo. 
17) This key information that would easily show biasness and a conflict of interest should have been 
exculpable discovery material that Defendant tried to convey to his Counsel, Mr. McClinton, 
however this evidence was never pulled and reviewed. 
18) The tweets referenced to in the bill of information by Investigator Mauney should have never made 
their way onto a Bill of Information as they were political opinions disseminated out to the public 
and not directly communicated to the alleged "Victim". Is this the type of world we have arrived 
at where an individual whom is an independent member of the press CAN NOT express his 
political opinion outward on a matter of interest without getting criminally prosecuted? 
19) That the combination of both Defendant's presence at City Hall on the day in question and the 
referenced tweets in whole were protected under the 1st Amendment of the US Constitution and 
particularly combined with the already established conflict of interest with the Mississippi Bureau 
4 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT 
Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 5 of 9 
of Investigations requires a hearing on the matter to re-determine if in fact there was probable 
cause authorizing arrest or if the matters detailed out were Constitutionally Protected and never 
criminally prosecuted, particularly under this statute. 
20) At the time of arrest/charge Defendant was engaged in Litigation in three separate courts. The MS 
Court of Appeals, US District Court, and Chancery Court. During the three months' time that 
Defendant spent incarcerated, each court required timely answers by a certain particular date. 
However, Defendant was hindered and prevented from his ability to respond to such matters which 
effectively fixed a positive outcome for the other parties involved while devastating Defendant's 
stance and position in the matters he had initiated in these courts. 
21) Coincidentally the matter involving the MS Court of Appeals involved the matter where Defendant 
was charged with Aggravated Stalking back in May of 2017. The litigation was in its final stage 
where Defendant was preparing to file a motion for rehearing which was required just days after 
arrest on this charge, and if needed a writ of ceritori to the MS Supreme Court. This 2017 charge 
which was in the appeals court was the sole foundation for charging Defendant again for 
Aggravated Stalking because of the "previous matter" being within the last 7 years. 
22) More than a coincidentally, the State of Mississippi files a motion to dismiss itself from current 
litigation in which it was named in US District Court the day after Defendant is arrested and jailed 
for this alleged crime. 
23) The chancery court litigation involved a matter involving visitation rights with Defendant's minor 
child which was dismissed with prejudice when Defendant was hindered and prevented from 
responding on time due to his incarceration. 
5 
Case: 36C11:22-cr-00358-GFT 
Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 6 of 9 
24) The State of Mississippi, Lafayette County, Sheriff Joey East most certainly maintained material 
interest in the litigation in the MS Court of Appeals and US District Court. 
25) Due to being hindered and prevented from having computer access to respond to court orders 
which the prosecution and defense counsel was well aware of, the due course of justice was fully 
manipulated and defeated in multiple courts which amounts to prosecutorial misconduct by the 
prosecution, vindictive prosecution by the MBI, and Malfeasance by the Defendant's counsel Mr 
McClinton. 
26) Effective Assistance of Counsel would have investigated properly into these matters. The fact that 
they were neglected by both Defendants public defender, the prosecution, and the MBI 
demonstrate a deliberate indifference towards Defendant's State and Federal Constitutional Rights 
and when combined with all other facts materially and prejudicially affected the outcome of this 
matter in ways that reap irreparable harm upon the Defendant. 
27) The afternoon of September 29, 2022 prior to the competency hearing commencing the following 
morning, Mr McClinton advised Defendant that the state was going to be fully dismissing the 
charge of Aggravated Stalking levied against him as they never had a case against Defendant. 
However on September 30,2022 Mr McClinton calls Defendant to a side room of the courthouse 
and presents him with a proposed guilty plea to which Defendant is adamant about not pleading 
to. 
28) Mr McClinton then tells Defendant that this matter is "swamped with influence" and that if he 
took it to trial in Lafayette County or even a neighboring county such as Union, that the Jury would 
likely be fixed or tainted, loopholes would be exploited for sure in the statute, and a conviction 
would likely be swayed and send the Defendant to Prison for 5-years. He stated that Defendant 
should plea out in order to get back to his 4 kids. 
6 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT 
Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 7 of 9 
29) However, this also involved Defendant being "Banished" from the County as part of his plea and 
having to leave his residence on the outskirts of the county within 45 days, specifically marking 
the last day as November 15, 2022. Defendant felt the entire time he should have had a speedy 
trial and never should have been swayed by defense counsel to plea. However due to his legal 
defense rarely communicating with him and not investigating into pertaining things related to his 
case, it would be extremely risky and as a result Defendant pled out on September 30, 2022 
30) Since the time the plea was given, Defendant has communicated out to Mr McClinton, and 
maintains records of him stating his absolute want to withdraw his guilty plea and go to trial on 
everything due to all discovered and information that never should have been contained and listed 
out in the bill of information. 
31) Mr McClinton has offered very little if any help to this matter at hand, and his communication 
regarding pertaining issues related to this grievance as well as the other matters regarding the 
Defendant he is assigned as counsel for has been nearly non-existent much like what Defendant 
received while being incarcerated 
32) It is these reasons listed out that Defendant requests this Court grant his motion to withdraw his 
plea of guilty, and lists the reasons for such out in summary: 
a) INEFFECTIVE ASSISTANCE OF COUNSEL 
b) ATTORNEY MALFEASANCE 
c) FAILURE TO INVESTIGATE 
d) FAILURE TO INTRODUCE EXONERATING EVIDENCE 
e) CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS VIOLATIONS 
f) PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT 
g) FUNDAMENTAL MISCARRIAGE OF JUSTICE 
7 
1 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 8 of 9 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Movant prays 
that this court grant his motion to withdraw his guilty plea, declaring the plea entered 
in this matter as void due to good cause shown and new evidence discovered in this matter, and either 
reset this matter for Jury Trial at the soonest possible date without Defendant waiving his right to a 
speedy trial, or to dismiss the charge of Aggravated Stalking against the Defendant. If this motion is 
denied, Defendant requests that the Banishment requirement be stayed for a minimum of 30 more 
days to give Defendant the opportunity to appeal, and/or dismissing the Banishment requirement all 
together. 
Defendant prays for any other general or special relief to which he may be entitled 
So Submitted this 31st Day of October 2022 
Matthew Reardon 
Movant/Defendant 
503 CR 371 
Water Valley, MS 38965 
662-230-1460 
legal@mattreardon.com 
8 
Case: 36CI1:22-cr-00358-GFT Document #: 8 Filed: 10/31/2022 
Page 9 of 9 
AFFIDAVIT 
I, MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON the undersigned, enter this motion for relief from judgement on 
my own free will, and I hereby affirm, declare and swear, under my oath and under the pains and penalties 
of perjury under the laws of the United States of America and of the State of Mississippi, that I am of 
legal age, of sound mind, and I hereby attest that the statements, averments and information contained in 
this motion for relief from judgement are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. So Help Me God 
Notary Stamp 
Respectfully Submitted this 1st Day of October, 2022 
Signature 
Print 
DATE 
Matthew Reardon 
Movant/Defendant 
503 CR 371 
Water Valley, MS 38965 
662-230-1460 legal@mattreardon.com 
A 
Notarized Witness 
9