: 
: 
ED 
IN THE CHANCERYSCOUNT DELAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
2021 JUL-9 P 4:43 
PETITIONER 
Matthew Reardon 
CHANCERY CLERK 
CAUSE NO. CV2016-422(W) 
Vs 
BY CO 
PA 
Phyllis Crowder-Kester 
Petition for Citation of Contempt and Modification of prior order 
COMES NOW your Plaintiff, Matthew Reardon, and files this files his petition for citation of 
contempt, and would show unto the Court the following just reasons to grant his petition and 
further modify the prior order of this court: 
1) On March 23, 2021, This Court entered an Agreed Order due to both parties' interest in 
amicable resolution in the best interest of the minor child. Said order outlined obligations in 
order for mutual consideration to be considered 
2) That on the above day, the entered order was entered improperly, and although plaintiff 
made all parties aware, no new order was entered. As such the lack of agreeance to terms on a same page by way of signature makes such order null and void 
3) The Defendant in this cause has continued to demonstrate the same particular courses of 
action in not only cutting off all communication and visitation between the plaintiff and his minor child, but has in fact filed criminal charges against plaintiff in Justice Court for Trespassing, Family Disturbance, and Making Harassing and Threatening Phone Calls SOLEY for plaintiff pulling up to get his child on 6/19/21, Fathers Day Weekend. Time 
will once again show that Defendant files yet another false and frivolous charge 
4) That Defendant first went in contempt of the afformentioned order when she failed to email 
Bela J Chain III within 5 days of the entry of the order. In fact Defendant never sent an email 
expressing intent until 4/30/2021, approximately 1 month late. 
5) That Plaintiff as a result has suffered additional damages resulting from mental anguish and 
as such Plaintiff wishes to disolve the prior order and pursue defendant for intentional damages 
she has continued to inflict upon Plaintiff by way of using the minor child to "Influence” 
currently ongoing legal proceedings. 
AS SUCH PLAINTIFF RESPECTFULLY REQUESTS AN EMERGENCY HEARING 
BEFORE THIS COURT AS IT IS IN THE BEST INTEREST OF THE MINOR CHILD 
WHEREFORE PREMISES CONSIDERED, 
Plaintiff Matthew Reardon moves this honorable court to find for the plaintiff and hold the defendant in 
willful contempt, both civil and criminal, and apply a fitting punishment that shall help serve as a future 
reminder to defendant in order to help deter future violations. 
Respondent has exhausted over 20 hours to research and legal filings in having to defend against such 
monstrous accusations, so respondent further asks for this court to award respondent a monetary 
amount to recompensate for all time lost over the past year, and greater. As such, Plaintiff seeks 
monetary awards of $15,000 to help recompensate for his time and anguish. 
Respondent prays for such other relief either special or general to which he may be entitled under the 
circumstances. 
Matthew Reardon 
Plaintiff 
117 CR 401 
Oxford, MS 38655 Matt@mattreardon.com 
Stary 
Notary 
Sporia 
Slowed Nick 
Date 
07/09/2021 
CHANCERY 
* 
COURT 
LAFAYET 
MS 
* 
COUNTY AME