IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
2017 MAY 10 PM 4:22 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER 
V. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
CHANC 
KC 
* 
PLAINTIFF 
CAUSE NO: CV-2016-422W 
DEFENDANT 
ORDER 
THIS CAUSE having been set for hearing on May 9, 2017, regarding the Temporary 
Restraining Order entered by this Court on May 1, 2017, the Court, pursuant to Rule 65 of the 
Mississippi Rules of Civil Procedure hereby withdraws its Order dated May 1, 2017, and enters 
the following Preliminary Injunction which has been agreed to by both parties: 
1. 
the minor child. 
2. 
That the Petitioner is hereby granted continued sole legal and physical custody of 
That the Respondent shall continue unto the Petitioner the amount of $600.00 as 
child support every month on the 1st day of the month beginning May 1, 2017, and continuing 
until further Order of this Court. 
3. 
That pursuant to an agreement between the parties, the Respondent shall have supervised visitation with the parties' minor child every other Sunday from 3:00 p.m. until 2:20 p.m. on the premises of the Oxford Police Department, beginning Sunday, May 14, 2017. Said 
visitations shall be supervised by Shannon Flemons and Maddie Dorris. 
4. 
With the exception of the aforementioned supervised visitation, the Respondent is 
restrained from going onto the property of the Petitioner, the Petitioner's work, the child's schools or any other place where the child may be and is further restricted from contacting, harassing, intimidating, stalking, threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner and/or 
Дни 
the minor child. The Respondent is further restrained form being located within 500 yards from 
Phyllis and from L.E.R., the minor child of the parties; from visiting or contacting the residence 
of the Plaintiff; having contact with the Plaintiff or L.E.R., in person through third parties, 
phone, text, drone, computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or 
except that the Respondent May relay Vider messages to the minor child through an indirectly, atting g his choosing who may bound the video to the Attorney for the petitioner who wis from the miner eller to the descending to to the minor child. The Petitioner may likewise provide a response vines, 
5. That the Respondent is restrained from going onto the property of the Petitioner's 
The 
added the Respondans though her attorney. 
attorney, the Petitioner's attorney's work, her children's schools or any other place where the her 
children may be and is further restricted from contacting, harassing, intimidating, stalking, 
threatening or otherwise interfering with the Petitioner attorney, her immediate family, her 
former husband, and her children. The Respondent is further restrained from being located 
within 500 yards from the Petitioner's attorney, her immediate family, and her children; from 
visiting or contacting the residence of the Petitioner's attorney; having contact with the 
Petitioner's attorney her immediate family, in person through third parties, phone, text, drone, 
computer, tablet or any other technical device, or any other means, directly or indirectly. 
6. 
That the Sheriff of Lafayette County, Mississippi and his deputies and all other 
law enforcement officers, city, county or state, should be authorized, empowered and directed 
immediately to take Matthew Oliver Reardon into custody, without further order, and incarcerate 
him in the Lafayette County Jail if he violates any provision of this /Temporary Restraining 
Lorder 
7. 
That both parties have agreed to undergo psychological examination, evaluation 
and testing by Dr. Joe Edd Morris in Tupelo, Mississippi and will cooperate with Dr. Morris and 
provide any and all documentation, releases for information, etc. to Dr. Morris in furtherance of 
the psychological examination, evaluation and testing as he deems fit. Each party will be 
Reed 
responsible the costs associated with his/her examination, evaluation and testing. The parties 
will immediately follow the recommendations of Dr. Joe Edd Morris as to counseling/treatment. 
8. That both parties have agreed to undergo hair follicle drug and alcohol testing no 
later than Friday, May, 19, 2017 through Capital DNA Testing, phone number 601-201-0880, at 
their own expense. Each party shall be responsible for contacting Capital DNA Testing and 
making arrangements for scheduling of the same and will sign releases for the same to be 
released to Petitioner's attorney. 
9. That the Petitioner agrees to have delivered to Oxford Police Department the 
following items at 10:00 a.m. on Saturday, May 13, 2017, for retrieval by the respondent: 
a. 
Respondent's 48-inch Samsung Smart TV with remote; 
b. Respondent's 42-inch Flat Screen TV store in pantry; 
C. 
Respondent's kitchen table with 4 chairs; 
d. 
Respondent's 4 in 1 Smoker Grill Set; 
€. 
સ 
Respondent's Samsung Galaxy Tablet (white); 
f. 
கம் 
g. 
10. 
Respondent's car seat; and 
Respondent's other personal belongings in garage. 
That the parties hereby agree that neither shall make disparaging remarks about 
the other to the minor child and that each party hereby agrees to refrain from making comments 
on social media regarding each other, the Court, the attorneys, and the nature/extent of the Court 
proceedings. 
11. 
That all matters remaining before this Court will be held in abeyance at this time. 
12. 
This matter is continued for further hearing until the 10th day of August, 2017, at 
the Lafayette County Courthouse, is Oxford, Mississippi, at 9:30 a.m. or as soon thereafter as the 
parties may be heard. 
7 
/c ́ ́ 
SO ORDERED on this, the day of May, 2017, name pro tame to May 9, 2017. 
The 
This order prepared by: 
MONA T. PITTMAN 
MSB # 9754 
Attorney for Plaintiff 
P.O. Box 2958 
Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: 
(662) 234-9346 
mona@panola.com 
Approved: 
CHARLES E. YOW, II MSB # 104420 
Attorney for Respondent The High Cotton Building 1300 Van Buren #112 Oxford, MS 38655 
Telephone: (662) 232-2440 ceyow@yowlaw.com 
Контешкотии 
CHANCELLOR