Source: Copy of officer herrod.mp3
Drive file id: 1UmQAq_5CT2zSgqBhgLfXPyDdxjakjnOR
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

This is, Oxford or, officer Herd? Yes, sir. Gotcha. Gotcha. You went out. You met with my wife. Yes, sir. Okay. At the, Oxford Commons? Yes, sir. Okay. Alright. Who's with her? It was her, your daughter, and her better boyfriend, mister Edward. Okay. I figured I'm gonna need you to testify on my behalf on that. What's that? She got into a relationship with him three weeks after we got married. He has threatened to kill her. He has threatened to fuck up my, my kids or threatened to fuck up her kids. She has lied to me nonstop. I mean, like, when I say lie, she said that her child had AML leukemia to justify her relationship that she had going on. I can't go to Oxford or I would have fucked the motherfucker up, to be honest with you, just like you would. Somebody somebody that's that's freaking threatening your wife, threatening kids, all that. I mean, I can't go to Oxford. I can't I can't supervise what's going on. Well, where where are you? Where are you? I'm in Olive Branch. Okay. Is that what that what that where you live? Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. I said I we went over there. It was me and a couple more officers, and, you know, we talked to them and, you know, we saw tried to figure out what's going on, checked out your baby. I said I didn't see any marks or anything on her. Yeah. Because everything appeared to be fine. She said that she was fine. She said He's he's been drinking. No. He's no. No. Not at all. I'm in Olive Branch. I mean, she knows that I can't go there. And she was just telling us that you do this type of stuff whenever you drink or whatever you She's she's she's married to me and she's keeping my child away from me living in a secret relationship. She swears up and down that she's no longer with him, that she's no longer talked to him, all that. So are y'all in process of process of a divorce or y'all We we are we are now. Yeah. That's that's why, like, I'm I'm going to, you know, have you testify on my behalf. All that's gonna be in the civil court, though. That's gonna be all the justice court. So I mean, I said, if you if you need the report, I mean, you can get the report and come back. Well, I said you can't can't be an officer, so I know it's gonna be hard if you get around that. But you will testify to the fact that he was there? So I don't wanna get involved in anything y'all got going on. I understand that, but you will testify to the fact that he was there? No. I don't actually I don't wanna get involved in any of that. But you saw him there? He was there. Yeah. And I said, I mean, if you got messages and all that, I mean, that's all you need. So, I mean Yeah. Just keep up with everything. And I said when it comes down to it, you know, because then while you got, it's pretty much go from there. I understand. Well, I appreciate officer here. Yes. Yes. Alright. So now we'll keep checking over there, man. Like I said, he ain't got a call. I'm a keep following up with her and checking on her, and I'm also gonna pass along to the next shift to just keep an eye out over there and just make things going as opposed to. Okay? Well, I'm gonna make sure that my child is no longer in her custody for that to go on. Alright. Alright. Thank you. Bye.