Source: Ryan Decker- Matt Reardon call 2(800) 727-3377_20190916_205209.mp3
Drive file id: 140Kuo_Abb1yXRnpmTANVSu_ylw3-elSJ
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

You for calling Steelhead Factoring. To speak with someone in account management, press 1. To speak with the credit department, press 2. To speak with someone in sales, press 3. Thanks for calling Steelhead. This is Tyler. Hey, Tyler. Speaking to Ryan earlier. Mhmm. He's well is he available right now? Yeah. One sec. Your call has now been This is Ryan. Hey, Ryan. Hey. Hey. It's Matt. Yep. Hey. I meant to get your email address from you earlier. What's, I lost I lost all that information, back to end of March, early April. Yeah. Here, I can just shoot you an email that has it all. They're just drawing up the the, referral plan right now. So it shouldn't shouldn't be too long for that. It got approved. So Gotcha, man. Yeah. So, so you said something about, like, you know, if I say if I cycled in or you said if somebody's cycling in a whole bunch of business that special things that, that y'all can do, what do I have that you know, I'm I'm always one of those, you know, sheep in the sky. I had big goals. What, what kind of incentives do I have to shoot for, my man? Well, I know we got approved to start off with, you know, one fifty upfront, one signed client plus 10% residual. We do have other plans that are higher if it makes sense. But Sure. I mean, it's it's all it's all based on, obviously, the volume and stuff like that that we, you know, receive. Yeah. Well, you know, I'll I'll put it this way. I was throttled. You have no idea how badly throttled I was. Okay? And I also I I had I had a lot of reservations. I'm about, you know, really going full steam ahead on that, you know, not knowing how protected my money would be if something were to happen. I'm kinda glad I didn't. Yeah. So now that I'm doing this for me, and I don't think it's I don't think it's any any type of, conflict personally. I will ask, though. Just, you know, I'm out of respect. Yeah. I do they but do they still turn in business to you guys or no? Yeah. On occasion, I got one from last week. They're still thinking about it, but it wasn't super greatly. What's that doing? Well, do me a favor. Just, you know, don't make any mention that I reached out to you if you don't mind. I don't know. You know, they don't you know, I've assigned to no compete as far as transportation collections. I don't really see this as any kind of conflict at all, but, you know, that's last thing I'm really wanting to do is, you know, play play David versus Goliath and and, in the courtroom. So, you know, for me, it's like one of those no harm, no foul. I don't there's there's no direct competition in the in transportation collections. I just don't care to, yeah. I feel you. Communication with them. Can definitely respect that. Yep. Yep. One of those lovely things in the industry, those damn things. I got your I got your contact information. So, did you pass along the stuff to, to your marketing guy yet? I was supposed to sit down with him here in about fifteen, twenty minutes. So we'll see if he's not busy. Awesome. If I can find if I can if if I can, get any other stuff put together, I'll zip that over to you. That would be some interesting things for for him to see. Yeah. I mean, any any other info and stuff you got on it would be good. But it pretty much sells itself. I mean, at the end of the day, it's just, you know, it's it's texting, but it's it really takes it to the whole next level, with all the the great features. So it's you know, I have no doubt at where I priced it. I mean, it's it's really a no brainer to make the it's it's you literally have to be trying to lose money, with with program. Yeah. I think I think the the unsubscribe percentage will be a little higher than what we do, but versus, like, a restaurant or, you know, what have you. But Probably so. But at the end of the day, I mean well, now you gotta look at it like this too. Okay? Think of a contest. People wanted to win something. Maybe it's maybe you're on the cinemas cinemas' hell out of it. Okay? I think somebody, if they entered that contest, and let's say the drawing is two months from now, do you think they wanna take themselves out of contention of winning? I mean, no. Not if we're doing it conservatively or relatively consistent. I mean, if they enter it, chances are they they they wanna win. And if they unsubscribe, well, they're taking themselves out of contention to win. Right. The great thing about a contest right there. You and then and then you draw and you roll right into the next one. We're sorry. You weren't the winner of this promotion. However, your number's been entered into our next promotion, And in two months, we're drawing for this. Right. Not to mention marketing to them consistently through it. Well, exactly. But the you know, and that's where, I mean, hey. If they wanna still stay entered to win something, it's a nice prize. You know? They'll catch your messages and, hey, maybe one of them or maybe several of them will apply to them that they'll need. Right. That's where the contest come into play. It'll automatically handle everything for you, and it keeps them engaged because they don't wanna take themselves out of contention. Right. I think that's the big thing is is getting them on the list one and then two, keep them in there. Yeah. And adding to it. You know? I I think I think y'all take I think y'all take much bigger risk on a daily basis. Yeah. Every invoice we buy is bigger. Oh, yeah. Exactly. And and it's month to month. No contracts. I mean, my, you know, my advice to you guys, you you go for a month. See let's see how, you know, see how many people you get signed up, and, you know, go from there. Right. Like I said, I'll we'll see what he what his his thoughts are on it and go from there. Sure, man. Well, I can't I don't remember about you, but, you know, I use special meeting software, RingCentral. So I use for my phone service. So I can do a remote meeting anywhere. Okay. I'm impressed. So, drop in on a video call or, you know, do a screen share, whatever. Okay. Yeah. I'll let him know. He'll probably get in contact with you if it's something that, he's looking at. I know we do, like, ringless voice mails and stuff like that already. So Sure. Yeah. No. I I was just saying for me personally, I use it for my clients and my prospects so that, you know, if I can't meet in person with them, I still like to meet on my meeting. I don't give them anything. And some I just pay for anyways, just to to make it more personal. So Okay. Sounds good. I'll get this as soon as I have this, referral contract stuff too, I'll shoot it over to you so you have it. Alright. Thank you, sir. No problem. Alright. Bye. Thanks, man. Bye.