Source: 20191217-174230_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1168355777036.mp3
Drive file id: 1A-a2VKpl6mA4DrhvGqRhkhz5t0rXPbPJ
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

Hello? Hi. Hi. Can you do me a favor and call my sister or, like, put put Lydia on the phone with my sister? I'd she's all upset because I did not see her message, about asking if Lydia was still with me. And I honestly, she had my phone listen to YouTube video or listen to YouTube music. Yeah. And then I called Facebook called my mom off my laptop and gave her the laptop, and I didn't even see the message of her that she asked until it's too late. Yeah. But she's only talked to my sister once, the whole time that I had her. Okay. Alright. She actually asked last night about it, but it was too late and just never did get around to calling her today. Alright. We literally just walked in. I haven't even gotten the grocery out of the back of my truck yet. Yeah. So I was just gonna sleep, you know, before third sleep. Yeah. I mean, I'll I'll let her text your sister and, you know, ask her if it's okay to call so her and Lydia can talk. Yeah. That's incredible. Sounds good. Well, she was really belting out that hallelujah song on the way home. Oh, I know. Well, I don't know if she had heard it before I played it, like, one of the last times that she was at the house. And, I'm on the phone, dad. But, like, she was sitting in my office, and I played it. And, you know, I got my microphone on on my desk. And she had on one set of headphones, and I had on the other set of headphones. And then whenever you speak into the mic, you know, you hear it real time in the headphones. It's a studio mic. Yeah. And, and so I put on some songs, and one of them was the Pentathonic Hallelujah, and I actually, you know, sang the song. And she was just she was captured into it. Just you know? It was like, I get put her in they put her in a day just I think it was, right after this girl was on fire. And, yeah, she loved to apply that one. I can only imagine she wasn't I can only imagine on the way there today. I know. Oh, my hand. But I'll let Chelsea know that, you'll reach out to her. Alright. Yeah. I'll, I'll send Chelsea a message and get out real quick. Alright. That's good. Oh, you're done. Alright. Alrighty. Alright. Thanks. Mhmm. Bye. Bye.