Source: Tom Freeman_20190913_211356.mp3
Drive file id: 1bHdml9eQ0vvWZZTry8ZeCxr81yd7lZu5
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

Hello. This is Tom. Hey, Tom. Yes. Hey. It's Matt Reardon. Hey, Matt. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. I, been trying to reach you for some time now. Okay. What's up? Well, I'm just trying to figure out what's going on with you. I, I'm I'm kinda just a little shocked that, you know, I've I've tried to call you and text you several times. And, if I did anything, please let me know. I just I thought that I'd always Yeah. Put my best foot forward with you. Look to you as a as a mentor, as a fellow business owner, and a and a mentor being that you've, you know, done done this sort of thing for many more years than I have. But, I mean, I can I can accept rejection every day? You know, that's that's not a I think if you're seasoned in sales, that's that should be a a no brainer. But, you know, I just it's it's kinda getting the cold shoulder and and just not not hearing anything that that bothers me the most. Okay. So what do we need to hear on? I mean, what are, what action items do we need to to work on at this time? Well, I just wanted to, you know, I came in to try to to, catch you right after the Elvis promotion, before you're launching the next one, to find out, you know, if you wanted me to set anything up. And, I just I I'm just trying to find out from you what, you know, what what you wanna do. Okay. So you you just said you want some some more promotions that are, going that way and things like that? Okay. So, yeah. I mean, we had, it's kind of a need to get my programming folks more in tune with it because they do some of the things still on Zipwhip, which is, more through the contest lines where our sales folks have been, you know, are more in tune to the the short code thing. I mean, it's the, it's the same, you know, concept except, you know, it's an easy five digit short code, and then y'all can send stuff out. Yeah. It's just that, you know, we've had, the last few promotions have originated in programming, not not really sales. Okay. Yeah. Well, what is the Did did is there is there something that I did that that or did somebody get in your head or something? No. Why would they? I I don't even know what. I mean, no. I mean Well, I don't know why they would. I mean, that's why I was asking you. I just I always knew you to be a you know, you're you would you'd keep in contact with me, and it seems like something just changed a little bit. I don't know if there's anything that I did wrong. Yeah. I know. No. I, I mean, just looking at our messages, I didn't see really any, I don't know if we had any action items or anything like that. I mean, that was a, I mean, I want you to use it. I want you to use my my platform, you know, if if I don't want you to use it just because I want you to use it. I want you to use it because you see the value in it, and it's gonna help you. Because that's really the only way it's gonna help me is if it helps you. You know? At the end of the day, if it's not you know, if if you don't see the value in it and and you don't think it's something that's gonna help you, I mean, hey. I'm a word. You know? We we, you know, we shook hands on a deal. I'd, honor my agreement with you. But I want you to want to use it. That's what I thought it was whenever we, you know, had first sat down and got together. I'll tell you what. I will I need to get you so so I'm not really, I'm not the best person to kinda be, you know, right in the middle of it because Crash, or Kevin Davis is gonna be kinda executing and stamping all the promotions going forward and stuff like that. I probably just need to get out of being the middle man so that you guys can can work together and stuff like that. So I was gonna ask you about that too because that day I went in there, he was just completely confused about Manic Mobile and there being another texting service. Yeah. I well, he he's on a need to know basis. I I mean, I I I don't expect him to know because it was Yeah. I got you. Yeah. I mean, I'm perfectly fine with that. You know, if I'm actually, I just I just built a video studio, in my office, put up the green screen and all that. I'm gonna start a weekly talk show, like a business talk show. The first show, I'm gonna do on, be humble but know your worth. I'm gonna do one on, you know, goals and and, you know, what your I've got I've got several different topics, that I think will help, Advanced Manic Mobile, be able to talk about that, talk about my, the my clients, and and also demonstrate, the service at the same time. So, working on working on that, I, oh, I need a a sponsor for that, to upgrade my equipment as far as the computer system. But, but, yeah, I, just wanted to reach out to you, Tom, make sure that you are still alive over there. Yep. We're kicking, man. All good. Just, I'm fine. I'm trying to get my tax deadline by the night. I gotcha. Well, you wanna set up a meeting? Honestly, I'm kind of a little a little hands down right here. I tell you what. Let's, let's text back. Let's see. Crap. Crash is already going for the day. Let's just circle back maybe mid Monday morning. We'll schedule something for next week and stuff. It'll just probably be easier when everybody's here. Okay. Yeah. I just know with it being Friday, and, he's already gone for the day. So I mean, let's get a meeting talk you know, I'll meet with Crash, and and let's just let's just do a comparison. Okay? Because I'd love to see what what your current system has. And, because that's that's not a true way to It's not about a comparison or anything like that. I mean, I I mean, it's it's just he is the one that's gonna flight these things. I'm not gonna do the day to day. I'm not gonna build a promotion every day. Yeah. I mean, like, that he is. So he needs to he needs firsthand, I think, a little bit training and stuff like that. I kinda you know, I just need the big picture side of it. He needs the details. Yeah. Well, I'd love to meet with him because, you know Okay. I think if he had understood this thing in detail, you know, what all he could do, I think he'd he'd really love it. Alright, man. Well, let's let's schedule it next week. Sounds good. Alright. Thanks, Tom. Thank you, man. Alright. Bye.