Source: 20191113-162057_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1150689177036.mp3
Drive file id: 1aXUVwToW6McB-wVcDbB56yHwnjknaQ0D
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

Hi, dad. Hey, Leah. Hey. Is he at my day? Maybe he can't see. Hey. I missed you. I missed you because I'm. You're sick. Yeah. Are you get are you start I'm feeling any better? She's doing a lot better, actually. All that gunk is coming up, and she actually blew out this I'm not kidding you, ma'am. It was like a huge wad of just bright green gunk out of her head, and she sounded so much better. Oh, ow. So she's Quit. Quit stressing your nose. Ow. Leave it alone. My goodness. Well, I was gonna ask you, Chelsea Chelsea wanted to know if, if possibly oh, shit. She wanted to know if they could possibly get her, early Friday or pick her up from school. I if she wasn't gonna go to school or if she could stay out or whatever or if they could pick her up, because they're not gonna be around too too long. Well, I mean, if they pick her up from school, I would have to Please. Notify Like, she's getting sworn. Okay. I would have to notify her school and everything and Ow. Make sure. What's your sister's married name now? Regina. Not yours. Harrison. Harrison? Yeah. Okay. And now my sister's with Lydia. No. Yeah. I didn't know I don't know I don't know exactly what time they're coming through, but just wanted to know if, Me. If it was if they're coming through early, if maybe they could get her early or what. Well That's what's very bad idea. Oh, no. If we do something like that, I'll just have to make sure to send kissy bear and cupcake with Lydia to school. No. K. And also her her medication. Alright. It's a little weird because the the dose is so small. Like, it's one point five milliliters. Yeah. That's because the medication is so strong. And, you know, Lydia's tiny. Yeah. But it's been it's been working. So we haven't had to do an antibody. Honey. She's got a, she's got a she's got a new a new house to come home to. Yeah. We're, we're in the process of moving. Again? Yeah. It didn't work out over there. Were y'all at least able to get, like, a deposit back or what? No. I mean, y'all just y'all just put a good bit of money into getting this plate. That's just okay. I know. The the landlord is freaking, he he's a freaking nuthouse. And and it just it, you know, it it just wasn't a good area out there, come to find out at all. Okay. So, yeah, I had to call the cops on him. And, and then and then that got that got a three day notice put on the door, the next morning. Well, I mean, where are y'all at now? Saltillo. Actually, literally, maybe a quarter of a mile down the road from Carol's office. That's not bad. No. It's, it's and it's actually it's only $50 more a month, and it's got it's, like, three times the size. It's got, three big bedrooms. It's got an office on the interior. It's got it's got two living rooms. It's got a dining room. It's got a garage that's closed in. If you like a, storage or a playroom, it's got storage in the back. It's like literally, it's probably three or four times the size, and it's only $50 a month more. And it has and it's it's, Xfinity, green lighted. Well, Matt, just send me your new address. That way I can keep up with it. Yeah. It just wasn't a good area. No. Well, I mean, if it's this other place. If it's not a good area and, you know, you're in a better oh, let me see, baby. K. And, you know, you're in a better area and stuff, then then good. You know? Yeah. More power too. I just be careful when it comes to, you know, pulling kids in and out of school districts throughout the year. Anna, well, it's the same drive to, it's it's the same drive to Emmy School. So we're just gonna keep her there so we're not having to switch her again. But if are y'all but but y'all are not living in the same school district? The address is not the same. It's well, to make it easier on her, Ma'am, it's not met that you can't do that. You can't that you can get in trouble with the truancy officer. No. You can't do that. You gotta have you have to have any withdrawn from school and register in South Shillow. You can't move from one school district to another and expect to keep your kid in the preexisting school district just because the drive is the same. It don't work like that. Yeah. Dude. Yes. Not uh-uh, Lydia. I'm not talking to you. Thank you very much. Hey. Can I give you a callback? I'm trying to get, I'm I'm pulling up the probation office right now. I've gotta pay my my probation fee on my phone real quickly and then and then go in there and check-in. Alright. About to close. Okay. Alright. Bye.