Source: 20191027-174120_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1141148710036.mp3
Drive file id: 1lftvrsse_CdqcU7TZScVE5oIUbgimL77
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

Hello? Hey. Hey. I missed a Uber all day. Been busy. Friday. Hey. It's it's pretty freaking traumatizing today. What's up? I want huge sign up, for a client. It's one of those things that's, like, 20 deer above the shop, like, the huge breaking sign. Yeah. And, I took the I took the first the first, screw out, and I stepped up, step two on the ladder. I was, like, 20 something feet up. And, I had my hand, you know, just gently behind it, not pushing on or anything. I'm pulling on it. Just basically, it's a brace. It's it's a. And the freaking I mean, there's an iron sign, glass in the front. I mean, it weighed every bit of at least 500 pounds. It Wow. It completely broke loose in the building. Crashed down. Literally, my client and her father, she's probably 60 and he's probably 80. We're standing right there where it landed face down and just, you know, shattered all the glass and and just demolished the iron. It would would would would would just freaking crushed my arm. I was speechless. Like, whenever it let loose and it it started falling to the ground, I just felt lost my footing and and, you know, fell off the ladder. And I didn't have time to say anything. Are you okay? Naomi, is everyone okay? Yeah. I mean, she's gonna have to pay for the sign. She's she's supposed to have a professional sign before she do it, but, you know, it's so expensive. Expensive. And, like, it wasn't even mounted into the building. That's the crazy one. There were no bolts that mounted into the building. Whoever whoever had that thing up there originally put it up there, it was like they only had it attached by just a regular wire, which I don't know how that thing never came down before. I mean, it was just the craziest pretext. Right. So it's a waste of a day. My, message about the pictures? Yeah. Alright. Well, let you know, they turned out freaking, like, amazing. Lydia was absolutely perfect in the photo shoot. Well, if you got, if you got the digital files, I've got a photo printer. I've got a, I've got a photo printer if you got the digital files. I've also Yeah. I mean, I can get you the I can get you the digital file. That's no problem. Speaking of which, guess what I'm gonna have to do? Alright. I gotta replace the print head on Bertha. Yeah. I know. You have that that dead silence is like, oh, that's an expensive replacement. What does that cost? Well, it's it's a percentage of the total value of the printer. That's for sure. Well, everything on anything is a percentage. I mean, like, it's it's a big percentage. We're talking, like, roughly $2,000 for the print head. Well, it's kinda like I got a I got a color laser printer. Not just laser, but it's a color laser printer, as well. And the the toners on that alone, are a lot just standard. This guy has got all four colors in black. So five toners in it. And, standard size toner is, like, $70 for one. And, I mean, granted, it'll it'll print freaking, like, a thousand pages or, you know, 2,000 pages. But Yeah. See, we have something like that similar here. Like, I have a oh, what is it? It's an HP. Like, it's what is it? Multi photo something. I don't know. It's got, like, the scanner, printer, fax, everything. I don't know. It's like a I've got I've got one of those in Canon. I've got their office their office one in Canon. Yeah. It's a HP OfficeJet Pro. Yeah. Print, fax, scan, copy, lab. I mean, like, if I wanted to print out pictures, like, you know, just regular photos, I can still do that and not eat myself up in material costs. Because, like, the print head, like, whenever it's printing, like, say, if I do, like, a 24 by 30 inch poster, It's not smearing. I'm not having, like, any ink trails along the actual image. It's along the edge, like like, with recoil and ricochet. You know what I'm talking about? I'll check to see if there's anything to do to clean it. Like, let it clean. So I've already cleaned it, like, a bazillion times and replaced the, maintenance boxes. It's had several cleanings. I've done a head alignment. I've done nozzle check, nozzle head cleaning, the deep cleaning, all that stuff. It's at least three or four years old. I think it's probably four years old since the time I was ordered. So it's probably I mean, this probably happens. Yeah. I couldn't hear you. I said about it's been about four years since you got it, at least. It's been a good it's been a good three and a half, four years since you got it. So Yeah. It's been about four. Alright. Well, yeah, I just wanted to see about keeping her an extra night. I know she's been she's been asking Maddie about where I'm at all day. And Yeah. I went down there to go make some money, which I didn't end up making. It was a waste trip. I wasn't waste getting everything out of there. Two people just died. Yeah. That's just crazy. Alright. I hear you. Let me go. Get the house. Gonna fix my love, please. Will do. Well, I'm nothing. Never. Anyway? Yeah. But at least 90% of the time. So so I just think about how much I miss gone. I know, but I'm used to her being here. Yeah. So whenever she's not here, it's like things are it sounds like I just changed if I get right. Yeah. That's mother's medicine. Yeah. Alright. Let me go. I need to got my stuff in here. It's locked in my keys. I need to Alright. Alright. Talk to you later. I'll give her you love. Thank you. Alright. Bye. Bye.