Source: Tom @ 95.3 The Rebel- 20190712-141051_(662)349-2008_Incoming_Auto_1085957509036.mp3
Drive file id: 1z-RDE7tEHO8vASw2Ouhd9Oa0-g8DFLrt
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Matt Reardon. Hey, Matt. Tom here. How are you? Good. How are you doing? Hey. Hey. Doing good. Hey. Got you text text on the the business cards and things like that. Pretty cool stuff. That's good. I wanted to, also let you know that, I am already working on it looks like we've got a a big promotion where we can do a text to win thing for all, of a football season with a a big client. And then also we got another, contest with a a Graceland coming up where we're gonna do some tech stuff. So looks like we got two big things that, you know, keywords are gonna play a a a major role in and, this That's exciting. Yeah. Yeah. So I think, as soon as we get all this done and when you're ready to get some some advertising rolling, be thinking about those copy points and shoot them over to me, and we'll start working on your commercial and things. But, looks like we've got two major, you know, really cool things around Elvis week and and football season, that, that'll really highlight it. So I tell you I'd I'd tell you one other thing I was gonna actually ask you, Tom. And I know I mean, I don't I don't think it's it's a big deal at all. I'm sure you you, you know, I know the connections that you guys have, but, like, who's the next who's what's the next, country concert coming to town? Probably, maybe, Chris Young at the, Snowden Grove would probably be the next big one. Okay. And, you know, we we live in Olive Branch, obviously. It's a lot closer than living, you know, near Oxford before. But, what I was gonna say is my wife has only been to one concert. And I I took her I took her to that Kenny Chesney. You know when Kenny Chesney came to the amphitheater? Mhmm. Yeah. And we were in the pit and, literally, she was able to freaking feel the sweat off of Kenny Chesney. Yeah. We it's that was that was a a lifetime experience for her. And I know y'all are given, you know, several tickets, you know, as far as, like, promoting, you know, and and raising awareness. I was gonna see maybe if you could if if you'd be able to to hold two tickets for me to to a concert to to be able to take her out. Yeah. I'll I'll get you some. I don't have you know, I'll check with my I'm not the one I'm not the organized one who keeps up with all that that stuff. Yeah. I'll put you on the spot. Too big of a and if it's too big of a deal, don't worry about it. I just figured, you know, y'all y'all got a, you know, a good bit of them every time. And If we can swing it, we'll do it. And, you know, you know, I'm always I'll always help you out when I can. And if I can't, I'll just hear you. You. There you go. That's what I love the best. Did, did did Crash see the, virtual business card? Yeah. I, I I don't know that answer. I have not had it's been you know, most of my time has been outside the building getting getting stuff done. I understand. Since we talked. So Well, check this out. Don't don't advertise his yet because I didn't know. There's a numb there's a spot in there for mobile. I don't know, a, if he wants to to put that out there, and, b, you know, I needed to put something in there for the time being. I believe we can put a landline. In fact, I believe I can actually direct it to to where people call the station. Okay? I need to go back in and check it. It said mobile. I don't think I've even tried putting a landline in there. But, basically, that would be the, the number that the people are delivered back. And, I mean, you guys can throw that on your Facebook page or throw it on wherever. You could even throw it on your website, and have people actually enter their number right there, and they that puts them into your database. They there's already the implied consent because they see the the message at the bottom. By the way, I got clarification on the double opt in. Mhmm. So it would actually, as of, this is this is, I think, over the last couple of years, a double opt in, became absolutely just I mean, it's it's at your discretion. Now I called, I actually had a nice lengthy conversation with, with the people on the back end with the platform. Mhmm. And I was actually sent literature, the actual law, okay, on on what needs to be there, to not have the double opt in. I know that he told me that if if it's absolutely needed, if I have a if if my client absolutely needs it, that he can get with his team about putting that in place. But I will say that, it will dramatically increase the amount of messages, from the standpoint of when they text in, like I'm not looking to make it more complicated. I just wanna do I I wanna do You wanna make sure you're safe. Yeah. And and as long as there's industry norms and standards and stuff like that, and and, and we, you know, I wanna make sure that any any commercials, you know, if I have to say data and text text rates may apply and all, you know, all those little things that need to be said, to make this fly, if we do a promo on the radio that says, you know, text blank to blank now, you know, and all the you know, whatever. I wanna just, you know, not only on the opt in side, but even in the advertisements of that of, you know and I'm sure that's just data rates may apply or whatever. You know, I've heard them that that said in commercials before. Yes. You know, but I just wanna clear you know, make sure that we've got, you know, direct from the Absolutely. That's, like, a copy of the wall now and stuff. So I just wanna make sure not only from your end, of the text part, that's that's, you know, whatever your industry norms are, but then in the advertising of it, what needs to be included Sure. In any solicit for people to text. And like I told you the other day, you know, I'm one of those that I think three moves ahead. You know? And I think that any successful business owner, I think, you know, an entrepreneur, you've gotta you've gotta kinda look at it. You gotta look at it from all angles. And I'm I'm always going to, keep my clients' businesses as well as mine, you know, the the best interest at heart. Okay? I don't wanna open anybody up to any kinda liability. I'm a I don't wanna open my own company up to any liability. Okay? So I'm gonna always on the side of, when it comes to this and with it being FCC, okay, I'm always gonna on the side of cautiousness. Okay. But, yes, I've got that law for you. Yeah. It's it's just letting them know implied consent, you know, text stop to stop and text help to help or for help. I've got these system messages already set up. It's it's actually Manic Mobiles, the 877977 and they can hit and if they wish to be removed, I can remove them, if they just didn't know how to text stop. But it says, you know, basically, you know, y'all want someone to say consent not required for purchase or, you know, whatever. But, yeah, it's as long as that's there, then they heard it, and it's it's clear enough to prove that with the radio clearly. Yeah. But, hey, tell me this. I'd love to go ahead and set up one of of of your keywords at least with something. Do you have something maybe that we can maybe check your audience? I could set it up, you try it out, and then maybe, you know, 05:00 rush hour. You know? I'll probably gonna put together, I'm currently working on and probably Monday, I'll have I'm working with Elvis Presley Enterprises. They have for Elvis Week, they have, two concerts, the Oak Ridge Boys, and, and there's another concert with, Ronnie Milsap during Elvis Week. And what we're trying to do is a VIP package where they get up front seats and, you know, and the the whole nine yards and free parking and admission to Graceland and all this type of stuff, for texting. And I don't know what that word will be. We might have to do a separate word for each concert, or we might just be able to text Elvis or or whatever like that. I wanna get the information back from Elvis Presley Enterprises on how they want to execute that. They're they're on board. But as you know, the licensing to Elvis and stuff like that, I wanna make sure that we, you know, we get information back from them, which should be Monday. They're already they verbally approved it, but wanna get official approval. It'll take until Monday. And then, on the sports thing Here's yeah. And then on the sports thing, it will be going, all season. It would probably where you could win tickets to home game for either the Memphis Tigers or the Ole Miss Rebels. So, basically, so, you know, pick your favorite team. You know, if you wanna go see Memphis, Tex Tigers. If you wanna go see Ole Miss, Tex Rebel. So so those are the two, you know, those so so those are two unique contests that, you know, will pretty much, you know, be active, you know, as soon as maybe end of next week, and then we'll go towards, I guess, the last home game is, like, the the well, I mean, Ole Miss and State play at thanks you know, the Saturday after Thanksgiving. So that'll take us almost to December, with the contest. Not that that's all we're gonna do, but we've got you know, that's what I've got so far. So we're, you know, we're all you know, we've already got some major things that I think will aid us in building a a a good database that then becomes sellable. I think if we, you know, do this plus a few more this year in 2020, now we're start touting that, you know, hey. Well, we can send this coupon, you know, what's and my my thoughts are once we build this database up big enough Well, yeah. You know, like, imagine if a restaurant paid for, an after concert special, you know, text blah blah blah for the coupon to get, you know, free admission to blah blah blah thing to the after party after the whatever concert and and things like that. So so I've got some some different things, but I think we just have to build a database. And these two things are hot enough items that will will at least get us going so that then monetizing it, becomes easier. Man, you know what I you know what I thought when about that full text between your two of the teams, Ole Miss or or the other one? Mhmm. Okay. So, basically, you're creating, interest group right there. And then we can have the contest actually choose from one database. So, basically, you know, they would create their own databases, but we would ultimately also have the numbers funnel into one database so that the contest could select out of it. And, and then now, you've got a a list of Ole Miss Rebel fans. And and possibly even a pretty big list. That if there's a around here that sells sports memorabilia, that's another way that you could easily get them as a client and say, hey. You know, either way it goes, I'm gonna have a big interest group of of Ole Miss Rebel fans, and I'm gonna have an interest group of of these people. Mhmm. And after the game, I could send we could basically say, you know, head on over to wherever and get your old mis gear. Mhmm. And boom. I mean I see it. I see it. You know, plain as day, I think this will be a good, you know, a a good deal, you know, to to make. And, you know, and, hey, somebody, you know and it looks like, you know, Hollywood Casino is gonna, pay us to give the tickets away, and and we're even gonna get paid money to build the database to then go make some more money. So, hey, it's good stuff. And marketing marketing is exciting to me because I actually get to put my brain to work as far as thinking outside of the box and how can we do something different that's gonna really spark the interest of of the consumer. And, you know, that's where I just I literally take a, I I literally take a, you know, I look at it like it's my business. How can I you know, I know before it was it was nothing to increase, you know, a business of sales by a thousand or to see a thousand percent return on investment for what I did? And and I saw and I helped clients get a 10000% return on investment. It was insane. And that's where I judge my successes in helping a business actually have something that can be both monetized and I can be even actually measured. I could even say imagine that because this is you know, DeSoto, you know, or, you know, Memphis area fans. You know you know, I could see you on Saturday morning, you know, Memphis area fans, you know, you know, get a text message, hey. Reply blah blah blah for your special discount at Rebel Rags today only. I mean, Terry Warren spends a hell of a lot more money on advertising. I mean, he spends he gets TV ads and all that. You know, he's he's one that he'll he'll put his mouth where or he'll put his money where his mouth is. And, you know, when you have to play in a in a big database of people to drive, you know, that's, you know, I was actually gonna call Abner White this afternoon, who owns Abner's. And he was my client for the longest, with when I was doing Symtex. And then whenever I left, he stopped his program. I don't think he realized it kinda only hurt me at the end of the day because my contract with them was lifetime vest. As long as they remain declined, I continue to get paid. But nonetheless, you know, this has got this is so much more than just texting when you can have a loyalty club, a digital stamp card, you know, for, one time use coupon and all that via text message. You know, text worked before, but that was it. Yeah. Hey. And then I do I I am gonna I I do have to run because another meeting, coming up here at 02:30. But, if you get a chance, on our website, mississippicountry.com, if you click half price deals I'm looking at the, you see where we got this program where you can you know, it's kinda like Groupon, but it's, instead of it being positioned as a discount program, it's a listener loyalty program where you can get half price deals and stuff. And there might be a way to add a text component into that too, and stuff. So, anyway, there's plenty of ideas on it, but, and we'll we'll talk more on it. But, anyway, I just wanted to let you know that our meeting did not, you know, you know, you know, a lot of times I'm out on the road and in the streets, you know, getting this stuff done. But, now that I was back in the office, I wanna touch base with you and say, hey. We've made some major significant process progress. I'm gonna be ready to roll here with you know, we'll be able to talk substance early next week Yeah. On on our first program. That's exactly that's exactly the reason why I'm not really a big fan of email is, you know, I'll be working on something and then it takes people longer to check their email. I mean, I was kinda I was hoping that nothing had fallen through. I don't know why anything would have, but, you know, I know that emails people don't get around to emails quick. And you know what? That's case in point. That's my selling point. You know? I have I have to hold myself back. I didn't wanna bother you the other night, Tom, but I know that people check their text messages, you know, quick and You're good, man. Alright. Well, well, I'm gonna, head off to I gotta talk with my IT people here in a second. So but, man, we'll we'll talk again next week. Alright. Sounds good. Thank you, Tom. Thank you. Alright. Bye bye. Alright. Bye bye.