Source: Copy of 20190720-032511_(662)832-7841_Incoming_Auto_1089670575036.mp3
Drive file id: 1VyaEc0dFjSuzonGWT3cpbT4vS4pTEu_L
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Hello? Hi. Hey. You're right. Verizon service does suck out here. Oh, I don't know. So so yeah. You know? Y'all's best y'all's best bet is if you don't hotspot is getting tricky. It's, like, $40 a month, and you get unlimited everything except for being able to freaking hot spot it out. And it's it works and it works and it works off of the AT And T towers. Well, I mean, I'm on Dustin's contract because his contract bought out mine from Fire. That's and we did that to get, you know, me off of that contract because, by law, I mean, I have to because of the whole trust exchange thing. I mean, it's you know, we've been dealing with that forever. So but, anyway, you know, I just thought that you should know that. Yeah. And Hey. Hold on one hey. Hold on one second. Alright? Alright. Hold on. Hey. How you doing? We always have cash? Yeah. What can I get for you? I need to get a bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit. A steak, egg, and cheese biscuit. With hash browns. We're currently not serving everything on the breakfast menu. We only have all that breakfast, biscuits, and bacon. Wait. What? I said the steak egg and cheese biscuit. That's we don't say that No. No. No. No. Bacon, not steak. You're on what, sir? A bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit. Oh, a bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit. Yeah. Not steak. And then, make that I guess, make that a meal, hash browns, and a a Coke. What do I think they have? Yeah. Sausage and cheese biscuit and hash brown. What do we have? That's it. Pull up for the, take phone with them for your time. Alright. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'm with you and what happened, and Maddie thought that I should tell you finally. It doesn't it doesn't phase me. I mean, it it I mean, I'm not looking for it this way. Anything. And it does it doesn't it doesn't surprise me either. But, I mean, if I'd unless I can, you know unless it's directly affecting me now or I can, you know, do something about it. I mean Matt, that none of those are the reaction that I'm intending, you know, for you to have. My intention for you as far as, you know, having knowledge of this is, hey, I don't wanna fight with you. You know, this is what I did, you know, out of, hey. Let's just have some peace. Well, and, I mean, do you I didn't tell you because it's it was one of those you don't let the left hand know what the right hand is doing. I understand. And and you need to understand that if I wanted to fight, if I wanted haste, I mean, do you not think I had every opportunity under the sun? As long as I And I'm pretty sure of that. I'm pretty sure of that, Matthew, and that is something that I also considered. I know that you can fight your own battles, and I know that you will. But I I mean, I haven't said I haven't said a I haven't said a word about you. Maddie hadn't said a word about you. Like, honestly, we've been focused on, you know, everything here. Matt, I know that. I know that. I'm I'm not accusing you or Maddie of anything. I'm not. That is not the case. I was just that was the reason why I'd I said something was, you know, I'd I haven't I mean, I haven't I haven't manipulated anything. I haven't, you know, made a a mountain out of a molehill on on anything. I've I've, you know And that I was I was not referring to you doing anything like that. Yeah. I mean, it that that's not it. I was making a direct reference to when you and I were actually together. Trust me. I had to I had to deal with Will and Britney as fucking crooks, with, with similar similar fucking shit. So, I mean, I'm the last person to cast, you know, to cast judgment on anything like that. And that here's the thing. I I know that there is some divine reason for why you and I have this amazing child together. Even though you and I never married, we're married to, you know, separate people, have separate lives, separate families, that whole thing. But I know that God does not give us bad things. Only good comes from God. And when I look at our little girl, I see nothing but good. Draw it up quick. Every time I talk to her, she's more and more yeah. Yeah. They do match. And that's the thing. You ought to see some of her horrific fits that I've gotten on video. Oh, I know. I I deal with them too here. Her biting herself, calling herself, everything. Yeah. Mhmm. I'll tear I'll tear her a little behind up for it. She did it in the she did it in the, in the grocery store the night before. I took her took her back and let her ride out there with me and to go get cupcake mix or whatever. And as soon as we went in the store, she wanted a gumball. And I said, if, if you're good, you can have a gumball. And she saw it walking in. She took, like, five feet five steps forward and stopped and just screamed. It's like or just said I mean, it's like a scream, basically. You know? I wanna gumbow. And I said, just wait until we get outside to the car. I mean, she she'll cut up until she's put it on. Now? Yeah. Oh, seven 70. Okay. Alright. You don't mind. No doubt. You know? With parenting, there come struggles that are too. They just come in different forms. You, Kelly? Just ketchup. Because I can tell you right now, if our children see him hating each other, they're gonna hate themselves. If they hear about hating each other, You're gonna hate me. Hot stove? Yeah. And, yeah, can you put a couple of jelly packets in there? I don't know if my wife wants jelly or not. Yeah. That's fine. Alright. Thank you, ma'am. Tell me what you agree. On what? That if our children see us hating each other, they're gonna hate themselves. And even if they hear us hating each other, they're gonna hate themselves. I mean, it's not healthy for It's it's not. It's definitely not, Matt. But, I mean, that's why despite through it all, I mean, I've I've not been I've been I've been far from an unreasonable person despite all the shit that I've I've had to deal with over the last three years. I know that, Matt, and that makes two of us. I think what I had to deal with was a little bit more serious. Well, potato, potato, tomato, tomato. No. It was a certain huge difference because had I had the circumstances have been different and had I been living in Oxford, I would have been guilty until presumed in guilty until proven innocent. And I probably would have been fucking shanked for the for the accusation that was put against me. Definitely the first one and and quite possibly the second one. Matt, again. There are things that you and I both have to take to the cross. And I know for a fact that there are things that I have definitely taken to the cross and have left there. And it is pure evil and hatred for me to be subjected to everything brought up over and over again. Well, the thing is It's fine. I never did No. It was confusing. I never did confront it. Submission to that. I just never did confront it. You and I never did never did actually talk about that. I I have no idea why that happened. I can only assume it was probably Justin and, you know, had a played a part in it. That was a major part yet. Again, there are things that we have to take to the clock mat and leave it there. Damn. What's what the fuck is up with this light? My goodness. What do you do? Do what? What was that? What do you mean? That loud noise. Car. I didn't know that. That was that was, that was a four cylinder, zero to 16 in about 15. No. That was your lead foot. Yeah. Nobody is perfect. Hey. Maddie's, Maddie's calling. Let me, let me get this. Okay. Alright. Bye. Alright. Bye.