Source: Ryan Decker -Matt Reardon (800)727-3377_20190916_170448.mp3
Drive file id: 1tJbNJTCjtmp-Pfgty_FT7WIkx32zeSf1
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

For calling Steelhead Factoring. To speak with someone in account management, press 1. To speak with the credit department, press 2. To speak with someone in sales, press 3. For a company directory, press 9. For all other inquiries, please press 0. Steelhead. This is Ryan. Ryan. Just the guy. I I was looking full. Oh, yeah? You there? Hello? Hey, Lucia. Hello? There? Yeah. How are you? Yeah. He asked me for a second, and my my phone switched over to Wi Fi, and then it switched back to cellular. And and, this is, this is Wi Fi calling. But, but yeah. Hey, Ryan. It's Matt Reardon. How are you, brother? I'm good. How you been? I'm good. I'm good. Out, doing a little bit of my own thing now. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I started, I started a a new company back, back beginning of May. I'm, you know, out of the industry. I'm in I'm in mobile marketing. I started a text message marketing company. Okay. Okay. In fact, it's it's textmessagemarketing.org is the, is the website, or manicmobile.com. But I just threw together, because I wanted to I knew what I was good at. And, actually, collections is not my thing. But but, yeah, I so I actually just put together, I purchased, factoringconnection.com. Uh-huh. And what I wanna do is I've got a, got a very nice lead library, and I am wanting to broker some deals as far as connecting people with resources. You know, truckers with factoring and, sure, you know, may add on a couple of things, but that's the entrepreneur in me. Right. Alright. I tell you what, man. I've got, I've got three little girls, and I got another a fourth on the way that's due in January. Oh, dang. Congrats, man. Yes, sir. I appreciate it. My, I'm the sole provider, and I gotta tell you, I jumped into this thing, at the beginning of May, bold, you know, as I should be. Sure. But, you know, you gotta it really helps having some, having some capital. I fully self funded, didn't have any, investors. And, I tell you what, it's the biggest risk I I took in my life. I'm actually, we're actually getting evicted from the place that we're at, you know, and and, moved my family up here on a on a risk over a year ago, and, that place is 1400 a month. You know, and the fund of business and, you know, around the end of April kickoff, beginning of May, bring a new concept to this area. You know, it's and I'm still going at it, man. I won't give up. It's it's gaining traction. It just hadn't gained, you know, as fast as I would have liked. So I'm trying to supplement. I've been supplementing by doing landscaping jobs and all that hard shit on the side. Anything it takes to pay the bills. Right? Exactly. But I thought, you know, why not why not try to utilize what I'm really good at doing? I know I sent a bunch of leads into you, whenever I was with, AWA. What kind of what kind of deal could we get going? Depend I mean, depending on how many you send and stuff like that, but we typically start everybody around 10% residual on, you know, whatever we sign, obviously. If you're sending quite a few, there's one there's a few other programs that can get you a little bit more. Well, I was thinking, you know, I knew that I knew that y'all had something in place with, AWA. It was it was, like, 20 or 25%. And I know that I'd, you know, I'd funneled in, you know, more deals or more more The highest they would get, I believe, is still is still 10. I can check. I'll tell you right now. Yeah. Let's see. Because they had to fill out one of those things, which for each one let's see. I could've swore it was either 20 or 25%. But I know it's I've ever seen even from anybody is about 12 and a half. Is it I got you. I got you. Okay. Maybe I was just, you know, as maybe I was just not a mistake right there. Do y'all do any kind of, of course of course, that back end residual if you just that's kind of what's what's helped me out, but I'm I'm kinda getting the feeling that that could have possibly have gotten cut off over the last couple of days. They had breached their contract with me, honestly, but it was a company I did business with for about five years out of Connecticut. Hired trying to manage my own national sales force and, left three years ago on a lifetime vested residual agreement. And it was it was about $1,012,000 a month that I had coming in. It trickled down to about trickled down to about 2,700 a month and, now, and was to not even work in the business for three years, it's still pretty pretty nice. Right. It's still getting check without doing anything. Yeah. So that's luckily for that, you know, I would have been up shit Creek without a paddle, if I didn't even have that. But, I haven't gotten they did daily direct deposits, and I haven't gotten a direct deposit. I got I got two measly small, less than $50 direct deposits last week and and nothing today. And, you know, child's mother Sounds like hit me up talking about you know, they didn't send me my $600 of child support that they withheld from you. And I'm I'm starting to wonder. It's a text message marketing company. So, you know, of course, they have no compete in there, but at the same time, when they breached their contract with me, as far as starting to charge a fee that was not, you know, in the agreement, and they refused to answer to it as far as, you know, me me challenging it, that curated a breach. But, yeah, started to kick this thing off. There's nobody doing it in this area, and I might I might have generated a little bit too much attention, for myself. I don't know. Oh, no. Good attention or bad attention? Well, good. You know what I mean? Like well, you know, hey. I believe any attention is, all in all, good attention. My thing is, if they don't know me, they can't flow me. And, I can take somebody that doesn't like me, and I can, you know, I can I can eventually change your mind on that? But if they don't know me, you know, then they have no idea who I am to, you know, to buy from me. But but, yeah, no. I'm I'm kicking off, I'm wanting to kick off a a talk show. I I built a video studio in the office, got a green screen and all that. I'm gonna start the first, first show off, called Be Humble, but Know Your Worth. And I think that's a that's a very key topic. You know, definitely definitely be humble, but don't, you know, don't catch your don't catch your throat at the same time. You know know what you you can bring to the to the table. And, you know, just basically your time is your most valuable asset. Don't waste your time. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, you spend think about it, you know, forty hours a week of your life, if not more. Yeah. Brother, I've been working. Yeah. I've been working worth it. I've been working every bit of eighteen to twenty hours a day. And then, you know, I know it's only gonna be like that for so long, but when it sink or swim, do or die, and you got and you got kids depending on you, I mean, there is no failing. And to me, I I mean, I I just I can't quit. Right. And it's wearing me out, man, but I tell you, willing to, do things that that most won't. So tomorrow I can do the things that most can't. Right. Yeah. It looks like Alexander's on they're on 12 flat. So Alright. Well, I would like to shit. I'd I'd much rather be funneling new business every day than than freaking, busting my ass, you know, trying to supplement the, you know, other stuff. Right. Right. No. I mean, yeah. We can definitely get something set up. Okay. Do y'all do any kind of do y'all do any any kind of, on a on a successful deal, you know, somebody signing a contract, is there any kind of program that y'all have in place that that provides any, more or less commission, instead of having to wait on the first? Like, I definitely I'm interested in residual. What I would be, you know, really interested in is kinda like a split, you know, maybe, you know, some of the residual and, you know, some something upfront. I don't know if there's anything that you'll have in place like that. Yeah. There's a couple different ones. Like, there's one that they do, like, a 150 on the sign and then, you know, like, a 10% residual. Okay. So versus you got 12% flat, obviously, waiting until, you know, we get paid on invoices and whatnot. So Yeah. Can can can we get that going right there, the 150, and the and the 10%? I'm fine with that. Yeah. I can probably try that. Just gotta get it approved. But, yeah, give me half hour or so. Okay. What, what what email and company and stuff am I sending the preferred or something or not? Send it to matt@mattreardon.com. It's m a m a, t t, and r e a r d o n. You know, honestly, I bought factoryconnection.com last night. I was I was man, I love searching just just grabbing up online real estate. I've got some I've got some phenomenal ones, man, and found some more, really badass ones last night. But, you know, do I need to actually set up as an LLC, or can I do it as a sole proprietor? You could do it as a sole proprietor. I'm gonna do it as a sole proprietor. I I I just don't wanna muddy my hands right now. I can always switch it over. I don't wanna muddy my hands right now setting up another business. Getting enough on my plate. No. Yeah. I mean, and we could pay it. I mean, if you've already have a business set up, we can direct it to pay that one instead or however you wanna do it. I mean, it doesn't have to be It's just have to be associated with transportation, if that makes sense. Yeah. No. I mean, I just I hate to direct something like that into, Manic Mobile, which is the name of my, mobile marketing company. Mhmm. I would I would prefer that work? How does the text message marketing work? So the way it works is that everybody's pretty much seen, you know, on TV or some ad, where you can text a word to a five digit number. Right? Mhmm. So my number is 72727, very easy number to remember. I've actually got two of them. I got 639, 75 and and 72727. So get a company going, and really then I need more local businesses to provide local proof that it works. It's a phenomenal concept, man. I gotta be in in compliance with the FCC, the TCPA, and something called the CTIA, which is like a band of, cell phone, providers. They kinda establish regulations. But, so I'll create a sign for a business. They'll, you know, come up with some kind of incentive that people join their program. So if it's a restaurant, maybe get a half price appetizer or get a free appetizer on your next visit for joining our our mobile rewards program, text this word to this number, 272727. So do that. Uh-huh. And it'll send them a message automatically back to their phone. Please reply with your first name to join, you know, our mobile rewards program and receive future offers. You may receive up to blank messages a week. Message and data rates may apply. Yada yada yada. The full disclaimer right there. And then they will reply with So basically, you're posting on, like, a an ad board or in other marketing to text here if you wanna get your free advertiser slash sign up for the marketing campaign, essentially. Exactly. And see, here's the great part of this slide. Essentially. They're opting in. It's implied consent. And what I have is truly the only thing out there that 98% of people open and 95 open within three minutes. Forbes actually did an independent study that 95% of text messages are open within three minutes time. Emails, you're lucky if you get 20% open within three days. And Yep. You know, anything else out there that all the time. There is nothing else out there that's direct, you know, like this. And it's it's it's a personal approach. My system, like, it can collect any kind of data that you want, you know, first name, last name, birthday, company, any of that stuff. And you send a message out to everybody once you got a thousand people in there. It can actually automatically plug in the person's first name or it can automatically plug in the person's company when it, you know, and it and it sends everything out instantly, but it, you know, it can customize each message individually. I would Right. Check it out. Textmessagemarketing.org, and and just check out the site. Figure out how how we would be able to use it. I I say getting people to opt in is the hard part. Well, no. What you would do okay. So I've got so many different features. There's a contest feature. You could do some type of giveaway, and it could be anything. Yeah. It could be a Visa gift card. It could be a, enter to win a, you know, vacation. You know, y'all are y'all y'all are basically a bank. So, I mean, the ultimate goal here is to separate yourself from all the other competition out there. It's highly competitive. So you come up with Yeah. This Yeah. You come up with, like, a giveaway. Okay? And defer out, you know, the winner. So it's not like you're having to give people this upfront. They could enter to, if they're interested in lower factoring rates, but I would I would highly encourage you to do some type of incentive, some type of giveaway where, you know, enter to win this. And it's something that you believe that that most truckers, most transportation people, they would want. And, and then just put that out there. Any any way that y'all currently advertise, you wanna advertise this. So instead of just advertising your company, you advertise this because now once they text in, now you've got the most direct way that you know they're gonna see it. So that's gonna help add value to your company. And So we could essentially send out the code as as, in an email campaign or whatever Correct. That we already do. And then, you know, whoever responds essentially is opting into. Exactly. And now you know those people are gonna see it right away. Yeah. And, you know, and there's a conversation feature. So you can trigger it where if they reply within twenty four hours, it automatically triggers a conversation. So it'll actually alert you in your dashboard that you have a conversation. And you click on conversation, and you can reply back to that person as 72727. So they could ask a question. You could type in your response, like, in a chat box and deliver it right back to them. So there's that there's that option right there. You get a free trial on my website. Definitely do it. Okay. I'm the only company out there, I believe. I stand that much behind my product. This is how bold I am. I'm I'm self funded. Okay? I've I've done everything myself. I've been a one man show right here. And I am one of the only companies out there that does no contract month to month. Okay? I offer a free trial. You know, not it's it's hard to find a company that offers a free trial that wants you to to go and and try it before you buy it and does no contract month to month. And I believe that, you know, if if you got something great, you know, you shouldn't force somebody to be in a in a agreement with you. That your your level of service and what you have, you know, speaks for itself. I don't want somebody that's that's miserable. You know? I don't want them stuck in a contract with me. I want them to go because they're gonna make me miserable and they're gonna make they're gonna be miserable and, you know, I just don't need that. It's it's just a bunch of bullshit, you know? So I would, you know, I'm an outside of the box thinker. I I'm not a quitter. I don't, you know, it's it's I'm gonna figure out, you know, we'll put our heads together and figure out what works best to to get as many people locked in as possible because that's the ultimate goal. You know, it's a numbers game. What's the website? Textmessagemarketing.org. That's a badass domain. It's the company is Manic Mobile, Manic like bipolar manic. Did that because I feel like when somebody gets a text, it's like retail or whatever, it creates an impulse to wanna buy, especially if it's, like, in something exclusive. Not everybody gets it, only people that are part of the mobile rewards program. And they get a a message, hey, come by from this time to this time and show and and, you know, get this for this price. You're creating impulse. Mhmm. And, I don't know. I mean, it's kind of a What is it normal? What's what's the normal cost? It ranges anywhere, so I can customize anything for you. I've got four packages. It's the cheapest form of advertising and marketing you'll ever do. My smallest package is $75 a month. My biggest package on the website is $300 a month. So, I mean, you're talking about $2.50 a day to to $10 a day. Right. But, the the 300 a month package is, 10,000 messages a month. I don't charge for I don't charge for incoming messages. I only charge for for outgoing messages. So, and it's not like a prepaid. It's kinda like a a postpaid cell phone plan. So if you happen to go over, if you're, you know, paying for 10,000 a month and you go over, the overage would just be added to the to the next bill, or the the next month. It's not like it stops you right there. But like I said, I mean, you guys, if if y'all were, gonna be, you know, using a lot, I could, put together a larger package or I could put together a, you know, buy the message, you know, discounted rate and, you know, cut you guys some some special, some special pricing right there. Do I know y'all are Well, because I know we do we do massive email campaigns and stuff like that, like, all the time. And and like you said, it's about 20%. Well, you would have reached at least at least the open rate, and then click rate is even less. It's probably two to 5%. You know? Exactly. How many how and you can also put you can put links, any of that, you know. Like, it's it's when you see the platform for yourself, you're gonna be like, wow, this is this is really impressive. I'll definitely wanna check it out for myself, but I might even get it over to our market again, see what he thinks. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Just tell him, you know, that you worked with me, at a previous place, in transportation collections. I just sent over some business deal. But over a lot, actually. Yeah. So Not everybody went, but that's the name of the game. So Well, I was gonna say the, emails. How many how many emails how often first of all, how often do y'all send out an email? I personally do an email campaign of about $2,000 or 2,000 emails roughly a week. And I think most of the guys do here too. I know our marketing guy does probably not only our current clientele and everything like that, but, you know, also other people that are in our system and whatnot. But Yeah. He probably sends 10,000, I would say. A week? Mhmm. Okay. So what I you know, and and that's what how how what's the frequency? Are you sending, like, two pushes a week, three pushes a week? What are you what are you doing? I only do one push a week, but I know, my marketing guy probably does three because he does one, the current clientele that's more informational based. Yeah. He does one that's all stuff that's not our clients yet, but, you know, or pending status or something like that or somebody we've talked to before. And then he does a lot of, the they're brand new authorities that just got going, you know, just got their trucking authority and that kinda thing. He pushes out to them too. So Okay. Yeah. I would highly recommend doing at least one or just like once a month. Yeah. So Well, I've run I've run tests and, you know, I've had people say, you know, I don't wanna send out more than, like, one a month or two a month as far as text. And I'm like, look. You know, they they sign up for it. They want to hear from me. You know? A lot of times, you know, if they sign up to a retail shop or or, you know, restaurants because they love the business and they wanna hear from them, I'm like, look. You know? Well, they wanna be available for any discounts or anything like that to pop up. Yeah. Yeah. Or whatever. I don't know. Look. You can you can get away with sending, you know, two week and not see any drop off. I mean, doing this for five years, I've, you know, yeah. I mean, once you start sending, you know, three, four messages a week, yeah, you start start to see a little more drop off, but one or two messages a week. You know, I I haven't personally seen much of a you know, it stays generally generally, the opt out percentage stays around about 2%. About about two about two to 3%, you know, at at around two messages a week. And, I mean, if you're steadily growing, I mean, it's all a numbers game. As people opt out, they probably didn't, you know, probably weren't paying attention to your messages anyways. Right. I like a good purge. But, yeah, I'll get that over to him, and then let me go get this, referral plan lined out. And then, shoot that over to you then kinda go from there. Sounds good. Hey. Do you have, you know, if I'm reaching out to all these people, I've got a I've got a pretty big email list. I wonder if, there's any other. So I don't wanna I really don't want, you know, any kind of lengthy, you know, talk off. Basically, what I'm trying to do here is I'm I'm wanting to direct people to my website to fill out maybe fill out a a form. Okay? And, you know, obviously, those are the interest leads right there. But maybe, you know, put some other stuff on the website as well, that would be, relevant that, they may be interested in. I don't know. I figure every every trucker needs insurance. But, maybe I believe I'd like, Sirius XM radio has, like, a trucker package or or some kind of special package for transportation. And I believe that's, like, a residual base thing. But I was thinking, how can I Really? How can I how can I kill kill a couple birds? There was something. I remember talking to somebody, and I believe that was off of LinkedIn. I wanna say it might have been off of LinkedIn that I saw this. But I reached out to him, and, like, there's a there's a division for this. I'm not familiar with that. But do you have anything else that that comes to mind? For truckers and stuff like that. But Yeah. You got anything that comes to mind as far as something that every trucker needs besides factoring and insurance? A job. A job? They always I mean, there's always guys looking for work. I mean, the Facebook groups and stuff like that, it's crazy. I mean, mine alone has 10,000 people in it. Sure. We're pushing close to 10. So Maybe an academy. Could be a, you know, I don't know. These are already truck drivers. Maybe they know people. And if there's a place on there, I could reach out and find, like, an academy that takes you to get a deal. Do it? They always need loads too. Yeah. I mean, that's half of what you see is people hunting loads. Right. I wanna I don't I I don't have a problem, you know, approaching that line. I don't really care to go out and get a brokerage authority. But, you know, okay. Well, cool. What do you think what do you think about that website? Yeah. I'm gonna probably download and walk through the the the free trial, and all my marketing guy will probably take a look at it too. So Cool. Let me know if you have any questions or any issues, and, I will I'm right now about to, get into a big lobbying effort with the CTIA. I tell you, this is this is about the stupidest shit I've ever heard in my life. But, I signed up a CBD store over here, on Friday. And, you know, they've got, you know, issues with actually putting CBD in text messages. You know? And yeah. It's it's so stupid. Even though it's legalized, you know, all 50 states. And they gave me, like, a a technical warning, on Friday. And I was like, what is this bullshit? But so so we can use it to to draw people in for sales, just not actually specifically say CBD. Okay? Well, that that I kinda have a problem with. Alright? But what I have a bigger problem with is they've got a shopping list of restrictions. One of them being alcohol, tobacco, all that. So alcohol. Alright. Now you got several industries that are affected, you know, if if that's if it if it truly comes down to it. You have restaurants, you got bars, you got liquor stores. Okay? And and when it comes to bars, people come in there to drink. So, like, they would wanna know drink specials and get special, you know, drink tickets and things like that. That's gonna discourage bar owners from signing up if they can't market alcohol. It's gonna discourage restaurants from signing up if they can't market alcohol. And and see, their reasoning for it is so stupid because I was like, you know, I I said, well, I've got a way to verify age, or or would they have to respond with their birthday? You know? Surely, you know, that that could cover all bases needed. Well, they they're under the impression that you can't there's no way of actually proving. Okay? Well, hold up. It's it's not on the advertiser. That responsibility doesn't fall back on the advertisement, on the advertiser. That responsibility falls back on the establishment, on the bar. It should be the bar's responsibility to make sure that that person is of age. Just because they get an ad, just because they get a coupon, doesn't mean that they can use it. You know? That's that's that's very risky waters to tread into because if that if that stands, then what's the next thing to get targeted? You know? You can't help an advertisement inadvertently falling into the wrong hands. You just can't. You know? And so so I think this is gonna probably be one of the easiest lobbying ex expeditions. I'm actually gonna sign up for the CTIA and see if I can get on the committee, and or at least, you know, figure out I won't mean to cut you off Yeah. Man. But I've kinda get into a meeting. I was supposed to be in at 10:30. Gotcha. Hey. Sorry about that. Yeah. No. It's all good. Okay. Will do. Thanks. Thanks, man.