Source: Tom Freeman_20191101_194310.mp3
Drive file id: 14fma_uYi5BG28u0omsxO8zgO-UlgjrfV
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

You've reached North Mississippi Media Group, the business office of ninety five three The Rebel and Guess FM. If you're interested in becoming a new advertiser, press 1. For questions about your bill or to speak to someone in accounts payables, press 2. To connect with someone in programming or production, press the pound or hash key. For your account executive, Glenn Freeman, press 3. Dial 4 for Daniel Green. Doug Green, 5. Read Sandy Hall by dialing 6. For Randall Smith, press 7. To speak with general manager Tom Freeman, dial 8. Press 9 to Your call is being transferred. Please hold. Hello. This is Tom. Tom? Yes. Hey. It's Matt Reardon. Hey, Matt. You are one I'm sorry. Say that again? I said you are sure one dirty, sly dog, aren't you? About what? What are you going? I had a feeling what you were up to whenever things started getting so weird. I I figured you were probably you were probably in the midst of rolling out your own program. You just couldn't come out and play with me. We don't have our own program. We still don't have our own program. Well, what's the thing I need to decide? I will get what are you talking about? About the half price, you know, your your business program, the advertising? Somebody runs that to get that out. What does that have to do with the goddamn text machine? It's a half price deal. What are you talking about? I'm just saying. I mean, I I provided something for you. No. You're talking you're talking out of your at you're notoriously talking out of your ass, yet what are the biggest time? Wrong. You're wrong yet again. All of your assumptions, whatever your instincts tell you about me, don't believe them. Do the opposite because you get it wrong every time. Every time. What what other times have I got it wrong, Tom? Like, when when have I just I don't know. I don't know, man. You just I I don't know why now you're calling me. I mean, you're you're calling me up, heckling me over a half price deal that has nothing to do with texting. Of course, I try to sell advertising. Of course, I try to get, you know, provide services to people. That's what we do. George, you didn't give the thing a fair chance. You said it was too difficult when all in all You never gave the thing a fair chance. No. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You shut the fuck up and listen here. You never gave it a chance. You never gave it a chance. Don't blame your half assness on me. You couldn't handle it. The one reaching out. I was the one trying to follow-up to give you results. I was the one putting in the extra time and hours. I don't need I didn't need results. You didn't listen. You can't do a CNA. You didn't understand what the customer wanted. You kept missing. The reasons people stopped responding to you is because you got you wouldn't listen. What do you mean I didn't listen? Yeah. That's exactly what we talked about. You even got with me. Hey. You put my own freaking we talked about. No. When you put my own you put the owner of a radio station's personal cell phone to where people were texting and calling me back on freaking Saturdays. Oh, bullshit. That that was your virtual business card that I gave to you to use when you wanted. No. Dude, you set up people like you contest contest winners contest people from that Elvis contest were calling me after. Somehow when they They never got you I could show you everything. My cell phone number you were you were sending people to enter that Elvis contest to my damn cell phone. I thought I was a radio station, man. Bullshit. Bullshit. No. That was the lead system. My phone went off whenever somebody texted you, and I figured you wanted to see actually, I'm not even sure I set that up for your number. If you got that, that was because that was a lead reminder letting you know somebody texted in. All you had to do, if you actually got that, was let me know to turn it off. Nobody got your cell phone number. You Jesus. The people call me. I can I can show you the numbers of two people Okay? I can show you the log. I can show you the log because I'm required by law to maintain it. Nobody got your number. Okay. Well, somebody somebody did. I can tell you that. Somebody's gonna leak up in your office, I guess. Not me. Not my platform. Okay. So you're gonna you're gonna you're actually gonna you're actually gonna you're actually gonna go against a system that has everything recorded and say that I'm on You you, sir, could. Show me one of the things that I have a text The Elvis Presley winner. That has your The Elvis Presley winner. Bullshit. You set it up to where that Elvis Presley, somebody every day or something like that, they got a text back and it was to call me to figure out what they want and stuff. You did it it did happen. Fucking farm shit. And you're calling me. We we we don't do biz we don't do business anymore. Listen to listen to me. We don't do business anymore, and you're still yelling and bitches like a like a dumbass. Take a girl, please shut the fuck up. Never call me again.