Source: 20191118-135136_null_+16628327841_Incoming_Auto_1152875760036.mp3
Drive file id: 12pLoCNgH0-PdUIT6FFnPLVm65I5Ddxg8
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Lydia. Hey. Hey. Hey. I was telling you that she threw herself out of a chair. And, like, most of all of this went on, like, up until lunch. And then after lunch, she was fine. And what's Lydia? What? Sir? What what did I what did daddy tell you about all that? No clawing, no biting, no scratching, no throwing fit. It's not funny. I mean it. You don't see me doing that. You don't see anybody else doing that. You know what you you know what you look like when you do that? You look like a big fool. There's no sense in biting, scratching, and clawing yourself. Dad. Well Uh-uh. What am I gonna be doing then? Quit. Hey. Quit, quit making yourself look foolish. There's no sense then. Mom. Yes, Lydia. Can I get it done? No. Why? We're waiting for PAPPA to get done. Don't start. Lydia, you don't when you hey. When you do that kind of stuff, you don't get what you want. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. You'll be there soon. And guess what? It's over here close to it's over here close to Christmas time, and Santa Claus is checking in with your teacher every day. And if you keep that kind of mess up, you're not gonna get anything for Christmas. I'm just gonna refrain from commenting on that. Mom, I'm sick now. You're sick now. No. No. You're not. You done got me over your, chest cold. Yeah. And and being sick is not even an excuse anyways. No. We'll go home whenever it's when it's time to go home. Tap on is not done getting his haircut. You're gonna sit there, and you're gonna listen to your father and I have a talk with you. Yes, ma'am. You know what I mean? Talk with you I had a talk with you this morning, young lady, on our way to school and whenever I actually took you into class. You promised me you weren't gonna act like like you've been doing. Because it's gotten to the point where spankings don't work, popping your hands don't work, time out doesn't work, taking away toys and everything else doesn't work. What are we gonna have to do, Lydia? What are we gonna have to do to get you to behave? If you can do if you can be nice to your teachers the second part of the day, why can't you do it the first part of the day? I want you to be nice to all of them. You can be nice to your friends too. You don't have any problem being nice to your friends. It's just the teachers for some reason. Like, all of a sudden this year, it's like, this is the hard year. We had literally no problem out of her last year or the year before. You hear me now? Hello?