Source: PayPal recording.mp3
Drive file id: 1foP0jJ6U9T9wIBy4qQo2dkvDmt3BAO2T
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

Thank you for holding. My name is Chloe with Tava. May I go ahead and start your first and last name, please? Matt Ridley. Thank you. And is that okay if you go to verify the email address associated to the account? Billing@manhole.com. Thank you. And how may I assist you with the account here today? Yeah. At one time, the Destiny, you'd ask I I had a I'm a PayPal yesterday. Because Honeywell, I didn't because the money that I had access to, I couldn't because of the hang up in your system. Why the first transaction refunded? I'm supposed to pay a landlord. Okay. Let's see here. It is showing restrictions on the account where we are requesting some information. Say it again. I don't know what to do. I've already closed down my personal account as well. This is just issue after issue. And I just right now, y'all got me living house. I don't know. How much worse it would be at? Let me do what I'm sending here. Well, let's see what we can do to speed the process up here to get you to submit the information that we are requesting, get the restriction listed on the account. Verified everything inside that over the last few reps. So, you know, every single transaction I've done on here, it's me. Like, I sent money to my wife that's been flagged for fraud or whatever by your fraud department. It's up here at my my transaction. I mean, like, it's like just because I asked and I said, he said everything is fine. Like, they wanna ratchet more more. Yeah. I can't. Right? Let's take a look here and see what transaction we're after requesting information on. One moment. Nobody can ever tell me why this stuff happens either. I mean, like, after I get this all taken care of and done, but I'm supposed to assist you. Yeah. I'm not gonna pay for that. K. So the first transaction here we got we are questioning about is the payment that you received October 5 in the amount of $500. There's no description. So your grandmother my grandmother is a keyed in transaction. She did she does use a Capital Pay. I shut down the bank account that has used to we have to pay this to any good. She's old. She just have a PayPal account, so I need a huge transaction on PayPal here. One second here. Eunice Spirit. And I I even say because I don't know why it sent, like, invoice 30 whatever. I saw that on the receipt. Yeah. It came in as a business service transaction. Yeah. It Okay. I I ran it on PayPal here. I knew that if I requested money from her, that to pay a money request from PayPal, you have to have a PayPal account. And she didn't wanna go through the transaction doing all that. She just wanted to take a sentence, so I figured running it over pay here, not a problem. But, again, So we are a payment process, but we have rights to questions and transactions that are processed through our system. I'm I'm sorry. I'm just very frustrated. I mean, considering the circumstances of getting to shore myself, I just drove it, you know, a 150 miles away to arrange them. And I completely and I completely understand your frustration, but, honestly, taking the frustration out on me is not gonna help us or help the balance any faster. I'm I'm taking the frustration out on the phone. It's just a general frustrating case. I keep having issues right now. Okay. So let's go ahead and continue doing this so we can get everything resolved and get the information that we need into the system so we can remove the restrictions and allow you to get your funds. K. So the next transaction here, there was a $1,800 transaction from Elizabeth. And I'm gonna assume that the transaction you said was from your wife. Is that correct? It's actually my mother. Okay. Sorry. So I I ran upon ran a bond to really work, what's going on? So I I started a business with Sprint, last April, going from a start up business zero sales to and got cut out of the business, first date this year. About $30,000. Okay. The third place, I started in the beginning of May. And if you're gonna struggle, I've got three kids. I've got a fourth on the way due in January. I just we just lost our house. You know, we had we got a fix in our house because we fell a couple of months behind our bills. So it's been it's literally it's been a struggle to keep my gut above water. And, I had it's been shipped in to help us, you know, get all life service six months. Like, you know, I I that was this isn't the worst thing. You should keep asking me right now and and a and a house not at the, place. Okay. You received a $100 transaction from a Bobby Lindsey? Yeah. Landscape. The landscaping? Each of those each of those transactions you should see. Plan came. Hold on. Is there one over PayPal here? That was a that was over the course of about three days, three days. I'll go back. These different things. It was still progress. Yeah. It just shows the transaction is still that it was sent in for goods and service and those item description on the transaction. I thought I did that. Like, it said under under the product name or whatever, I clicked on it. I put landscaping. I tried to categorize it because I didn't want her credit card receipt to show it as a bank code. Actually, this is a a start up after that. That's probably better than my best way to use stuff Okay. And then one moment here. Alright. It looks like there's two transactions from Matthew Brinton Brinton. I think that's payment from all of your PayPal account. Yeah. It's it's in checking. Yeah. Got a business bank and, that, online. I got that, that was. And there's no way prior to getting my page off your reader, there was no way for me to instantly add funds to my account. So I I get a residual with someone that other on my other discount. It's not like they got all six eight. They got all the. And and in global. I'm kinda oh, not like I used to say. I mean, right now, I'm operating this past week. K. And it looks like there's another payment here. Payment that you received September 30 for $225. Okay. Alright. There's no name of that associated to the transaction. Thirtieth? September 30. That's correct. I believe that that is yep. That's the release. So, yeah. That would be that would be the release. Release store? That's the release. So I'm checking on $8, billing my invoice. I see the $305 invoice from Caddy Drive detail now. Okay. Got it. This is just so you know for the future. We are sending payments, as far as, like, the payment that your mother sent you and the payment that your grandmother sent you. We're not sending those payments for to you. Start having them send it to you as friends and family I have a personal bill. All that's what they all wanted to do. I mean, last night Yes. This is the craziest thing. I I sent the transaction. My wife's vacation work before I sent, you know, $500 through, because I was gonna have her go to Walmart and just take out $500 and be back out at the ATM. That way, we can at least that access to $900 in today and then 900 Yes. So those transactions are all coming through as children service as if they're either selling something to these individuals or they're purchasing something for me. So that's another reason why they're being flagged and requesting the transaction. But I was purchasing something from the office. I I sent, like, $3 through yesterday. It's that address family. It doesn't have a high-tech, unless, like, an app, unless you change your default. So it should've stayed, but it's been. And I went and I sent the $500 after she sent $3 back and sent $500 to her. And for whatever reason, it is a line that I'm gonna change the customer's family to get some services, and I was charging $15 fee on that. So, of course, I had her refund that because it should be sent, free of these. Correct. So, yeah, I trust I don't want to do things. I can't just go to and services unless it's absolutely necessary because, you know, a, it's gonna get these and these, probably not gonna have it. I mean, there's a good chance 8 thousand's gonna put a hold on the money. That's gonna be a big problem for trying to get that money released. K. Alright. So my next question here for you, are you a registered business? Yes. Okay. So the next information that we're requesting from you here, looks like we are requesting proof of business assistance. If you have a catalog or brochure, financial copy of that. Professional license that that that that that's my that's my business. My article is in the corporation. So you would have to submit that information into us. And then any contact or service agreement that you have with the seller for the landscaping, if you have one. I don't have. K. So I'll go ahead and notate that. The I don't know why it's just not getting flagged yet. And then we also need a copy of the photo ID. She goes and take over my phone so I do that. Fund will remain remain on hold until I receive this information. What gives you all the rights to do that? Now I should understand, holding future payments, if you need that information, stuff that I've already worked for now, especially in the position that I'm in right now. What gives you $8 and not giving you the right to do that? So if I'm in and, you know, steal my money and provide the information. Because you use it as a payment processor, so when you're receiving dollar amounts on our platform, we have all rights and to request and to request to ask for this information, please send in about your PayPal account. Do you use it as a payment processor? Right. But when I created this account, surely, y'all verified that was actually a business. Maybe it's taking a work I don't remember exactly what I was asking. But We don't request the information at this time of this account being opened. You don't isn't that a little bit back or so? You have it from this account and after I start generating money. And to say, if you don't have this, your money is gonna save right now. It sounds very, We have people that start business accounts that are an actual business owner. Just swap the business account to get the business account perks. So the request information is not requested so this account starts receiving funds, and that's when we start requesting additional information. Okay. So if you ask me if I was actually to let you this is I I don't answer that question. No. Then then what would I mean, would y'all just reorder my account, give me access to money for what? Let's see here. What else do we need? One moment here. So I'll go ahead and put it in here that you are not a registered business and get this information put up for review. Wait. Is that I'm that I am or that I'm not? That you are not. Well, I mean, does that benefit me? Because, I mean, I am. And I I am an actual registered LLC. I'm I'm I am a company, managemobile.com, ex marketing.org. I'm a mobile marketing company. But if it if it allows me I I don't have access to the information right now that you're requesting. And I'm on the road. I'm trying to get moved into this house. And if it speeds up the process and keeps me and my wife from being outside, then I'll answer that. I just need my money. I can't force you to give me any information. I ask the questions. You provide me with the information you wanna give me. I will include it with the limitation, and I'll put that for review. Once we have everything that we need, then we'll move the restriction for you. If you don't know what we need, you'll receive an email. It could take over to forty eight to seventy two hours. Right. It takes forty eight to seventy two hours. It could to get all this information reviewed. Correct. Okay. I wanna put this recording on the Internet, on social media, if y'all actually do that. I just told you that my wife is pregnant. Under six months pregnant, we have three kids, that this is my only access to money. And I'm trying to work with y'all. And you're gonna get short with me, and so you're gonna put it up for review that takes two to three days. Do you want this to go out to the door? Because I know So I'm not being sure with you, sir. That's policy and procedure. I yes. I can't just override this. No. No. No. No. Because I lost my damn house. You're actually gonna tell me that, I'm gonna put I'm gonna mark you as not as this and and put it up for review, and it takes forty eight to seventy six goddamn hours. What the fuck? So even if you would have submitted the information, it still takes the same time frame, sir. So I'm not being short with you. I'm giving you the I mean, you wanna know time frame. I'm giving you time frame. Really? Yes, sir. So who's who's, the next person on the the ladder that I can speak with? Give me one brief moment. I'll get your supervisor. K. Bear with me here while I get you available to Verizon. One moment, please. Tutorials for the disputes and claims processes on paypal.com? You can find them by logging into your PayPal account and clicking the tutorials link in the resolution center. Let's face it. It's not always easy to remember your password. Common mistakes including typing your email address incorrectly, leaving the caps lock on, or putting Thank you for patiently waiting. My name is Marshall. I'm a floor supervisor here in the limitations department. Can I start off with your first and last name? Matt Meredith. Thanks, Matt. One moment while I pull up your information. Alright. It looks like this is over the account limitation. Let me go ahead and pull that up. Yeah. I mean, I'm homeless right now. I've got a pregnant wife that's over six months pregnant. Two kids. And we're in the process of moving to a different house. I mean, it's PayPal keeps giving me all these issues. I've I've got a business account. In the start up phase of silver of a company I've been doing since pay. And I literally the money that I have to move into my house, my my new my new place, actually, just got fixed. It's in that PayPal account, and whoever I just spoke with decided to not show any type of care to that situation that that, you know, we're we're we're in transit. We we have everything that we yeah. And we were set to go pay the bill an hour and a half away before we we left. And PayPal puts limitations on my account, And then she wanted to actually schedule a call whenever I was asked about what's the difference in saying, you know, if I if I actually had a registered business or not. When it came to that question of of am I registered? I don't have access to the documents that y'all are requesting right now. And so I was asking her about that, and she was like, I'm I'm she's gonna argue now as, it's not a registered business, which I am. Mississippi Secretary of State, you have to be the chief. And, I'm just trying to get access to my line. And I told her, I whatever way is the quickest, obviously, I don't have access to the to the documents that you need right now. I'm trying to get us out of a rainstorm. All that stuff, sir. Yeah. No. And I'm sorry about the encounters that you're going through with this. The only part is that we must get those things in order to get your call. No. I chose to do this to y'all. Okay? I I chose to have a PayPal account. I've got nothing with lousy service. And, I think it's even lousy or as I told her that it's not required to show a group of business during that that documentation you owe to the account. But PayPal is around the stretch. You must start making money and money starts flowing into it. You can then put a halt to that money until you produce, certain documents. Basically, it it destroys money. That's what it can sound to at the end of the day. Because if I can't produce documents and the money that I work, what y'all gonna keep, that's ridiculous. Well, we definitely don't keep it indefinite. We don't keep it indefinitely. It's not on that PayPal. Do you not realize the hardships that it posted on me? No. And, again, I understand that, and it's a valid valid comment. Again, with the validity of that comment, I still cannot list this limitation, especially with you know, even with the situation that you're in. Trust me, I want to, but it's I won't be able to unless we have those documents. Now what you can do if you log on to paypal.com and at least reply to some of the inquiries that they have, it will push the case and review. And then the back office agents will be able to review that response that you've given and then to see if they'll be able to lift it from there. But I haven't now I'm I'm curious. How many times does PayPal got sued for this? Because of because of something such as this. And and is that correct? So in regards to how many times PayPal has been sued, I wouldn't be able to answer that because I don't know any of that information. That's not I'm not in their legal department, and that's the back office department that deals with those policies. Are you still there, Matt? Yeah. I just said it's beyond. This is to get my. No. And I definitely hear you. So what I'm gonna do is I'll definitely mark the cause of complaints so the higher ups can review it. And here, that's the circumstances that it could fit you in. So, again, this call is monitored and recorded. I will make sure that it gets cascaded as a complaint so they can review it. I also invite you to give me a call. So it was a similar situation especially, that we actually just wrapped this thing up, last week. Actually, their their, you know, CEO was in contact with. So, I'm not I mean, I'm a reasonable person. So what y'all are doing is unreasonable. Alright. And, again, I I can't, you know, interrupt how I I do apologize for that situation. Now if you have any inquiries for our corporate office, they don't usually give a call out. What you can do is mail in your inquiry to the address that we have. If you would like, I could provide that address to you so you can mail any of your entries about your account. I'm good at all. Okay. So, again, well, I will mark the call as a complaint so that corporate office can review this call and then hear the hardship that it did put you in. They really they really wanna understand the full gist of it. So I'm gonna listen to the call prior. It's the same call, but the lady is transferred to you. It's the same call just delayed. Okay. I definitely will too, because, again, they have to mark the call as a complaint. So they will be able to track through with your calls today and, you know, listen through the conversations at hand and, you know, take it from there. Again, I I do apologize, Lamenta. I know it's not a fun situation you're in at all, and I do assure that I've been doing it pertains to that. Alright. So I will make sure I notate the account that we post a complaint so they can review the call. Is there anything else you would like me to go over today, Matt? No. That's it. Alright. Well, again, I am very sorry about the inconvenience, but try to have yourself a good rest of your day. Okay? Thanks. Alright. Thank you.