Source: 20191101-144804_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1144407794036.mp3
Drive file id: 1BHxTNvXO8jR00CbPLfDHL6TR-7NYKL8u
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

Hello? Hello? Hey. Hey. He had texted me. I was actually gonna, reach out to you and ask you something anyway, so I just figured I'd call. Okay. Yeah. It was, but we didn't go trick or treating, because it was so cold. We were going trick or treating, and we got there at the, didn't realize that it was it was an old fire station about 5th about fifteen, twenty minutes away from the house. And when we got out there, they were, it was it was in the, you know, ending stages of it. So we went and we got, after that, we went and we got ice cream and, you know, we basically kinda I did a makeshift Halloween at the house. Oh, okay. So I hated that, it didn't go trick or treating, but it was just so cold. And It was probably best because, honestly, it was so cold. And Lydia had just gotten over a chest cold, and I know Maddie had mentioned that Emmy was sick. And the girls needed the girls needed leggings. They they had frozen costumes and, you know, it was like one of those I felt like going to Walmart to get leggings and put us further behind. So I said no to that. I wanted to see if okay. I wanna see if you do me a favor on a, on a weekend swap. Okay. So I know this weekend and now I'm supposed to get her next weekend. It should be the third weekend. So next weekend, actually, Saturday is actually our, anniversary. And the girls we were gonna, you know, take the girls over to, Emmy and, to the, to Maddie's grandmothers so that we can go out for anniversary. And I was thinking, you know, my sister comes the next weekend, the fourteenth, you know, Friday, where Ken gets to meet her for the first time. Yeah. And so I was thinking it would just it it probably honestly make the most sense to, maybe swap. And that way, you know, I I don't need a third, you know, really, you know, taking having three kids over at Maddie's grandmother's on top of her brother being there, which I don't want Lydia being around her brother, to be honest with you. Yeah. I don't nothing here. Okay. Yeah. We can do a swap. I think it just makes more sense because, you know, Chelsea and Ken wants you to be, the following weekend. You can go, babe. Alright. Alrighty. Well, yeah, we can do a swap. That's fine. I just let I just let in the I just let in the Tom Freeman, the owner of, the owner of ninety five point three, the rebel, and ninety seven seven guest FM out of Memphis. What? We're in a we're in a freaking battle royale right now. What, Matt? What'd you do? He no. I didn't do anything. It's him. I called him up and called him a dirty download. You know? What? Because he I mean, he he he screwed the the deal that we had, and I I I called it from the beginning. I was I I thought that every sign pointed to you know, he milked me for knowledge, and he was and he and he backdoored me and set up a a text platform. Then why are you giving away your intellectual property for free? It's not that I gave it away for free. It's just that, you know, my clients are gonna be information. Well, I mean, that's it's like that for all my clients. I mean, they're gonna I this consultation. They're gonna you know, I I consult them. So I go consult the top. And they have many white different white labels, and I didn't I didn't think he was gonna he was just gonna be a just download dirty bastard like that. Oh my god. I hope none of the kids are in the car with you, Matt. No. I was actually up here in Olive Branch because I had to do a landscape. I I called to do a landscaping job, and I was gonna you know, today is the day the storage needs to do. So I was gonna drag as much stuff into the car as possible, and then, hopefully, they'll extend it one more day so I can get Maddie's stepdad to come up here tomorrow with the trailer and get the rest out. Alright. Yeah. If you need to do a swap, that's fine. I mean, if you're not if you don't think it's gonna be a good idea to get Lydia this coming weekend, that's fine. And if you just rather wait and get her the following weekend, you know, whenever your sister and Ken come down. Yeah. I think it'll be much more enjoyable to all of us, you know, to be able to go up today. Yeah. Golly. That comes at a bad time. So, like, every last dollar is gone to rent. And then, and then my my my money gets turned off for a week, and then goes right into the anniversary. Well, Matt, look at it this way. At least you have your rent paid up for a month, and now you have a place to starve to death. I was being sarcastic. Oh, I know. I don't know. I just want to check with you and see. So I just wanted to check with you and see. Oh, okay. Hey. Maddie Maddie just called. Let me let me, call her back, make sure everything's alright. Alright. Alright. Bye.