Source: 20191029-205745_null_+16628327841_Incoming_Auto_1142564807036.mp3
Drive file id: 1aYn9Y686GLxSBf-ssXHmY2TSUdv0nTb2
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance purposes. Hello? Hey. Hey. Did you get my response? Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. I I just do not tell me I drive. Trying to sort the wires. You're doing what? Sort the wires. Okay. Yeah. She, she's in this, like, show off mood, and it's weird. Like, we were in Walmart the other night, and, like, she wanted to sit in the basket. She put it in the basket, and she immediately started acting like a baby. And told her not to do that. And then, you know, she she was getting these, like, super playful mode, and she just she said something going down the aisle. And it's weird because it's like this this diameter. So She felt like he was just already looking in my direction. And she, are you there? Yeah. I'm listening. Hello? I can hear you. Matt. Are you there? Yeah. I can hear you. Sorry. I was on the Wi Fi and, it's on Wi Fi calling and, something happened. So what did she do? She did something like she she it was like she swung her leg wide or lifted it up and said something my vagina. And, like, and then just started just just giggling. And, it's just it's it's pretty damn embarrassing. Was it really something to the effect of, like, something cock on my vagina? Like, cock a you know, like, she somehow, she learned that the Spanish word for poop is cocka. She did not learn that here in my house because, one, you know you know how I feel about you know, when it comes to raising American children, English is their first language. Yeah. I I don't believe in having children learn multiple languages whenever, you know, the ability to read and come to you. More of a thing for her to say that could be interpreted any number of ways. I I know that. And, Matt, I can assure you this. I have corrected her and corrected her numerous times. Yeah. And that's how I know it's an attention thing. You also have to consider the fact that she is five years old. She just turned five. Yeah. And she is literally according to child psychology and normal psychosexual development in children, she is at that age where she is not only discovering herself, but identifying male from female. Mhmm. She has asked me numerous times, you know, mommy's a girl? Yes. Like, Lydia's is like, Yes. Mommy has a vagina? Yes. Mommy has a vagina. Like, Lydia has a vagina. Yes. Lydia, you have a vagina. And and then she said to me, you know, my father, he's a boy. And I said, yes. He's a boy. And, definitely, he's a boy. And I said, yes. Daddy's a boy too. And granny, she is a girl like Lydia. And I said, yes. Granny's a girl too. And it's you know, she goes down this list of people, and, you know, this is how she's figuring out exactly who is who and what they are. Yeah. And another thing we have to consider, Matt, is she is a very intelligent child. Super smart, but she is also exceptionally literal. Like, she is literal. She takes things literally. Right. So, technically, if she wasn't doing stuff like this at her age Mhmm. I would worry because that would tell me that there is a delay in her psychosexual development. Alright. I'll just I mean, I know it's uncomfortable, but every parent goes through this, Matt. No. I Like the cheesy thing. I understand that. But, you know, I don't think every parent especially gun shy certain things like I am. Matt, Lydia is fine. This is normal. That's good. I mean and you really have no reason to worry. You haven't done anything wrong. Never had any reason to worry before. Never did anything wrong. You were gunshot. Yeah. Because I've been abused since then, and I never did anything. Matt, that's why I'm telling you, you have no reason to worry. You haven't done anything. What is your response? You wanna hear the craziest thing? What? Maddie's piece of shit shithead brother Wanted to just wanted to to freaking, I guess, somehow, you know, do the grapevine. Heard about that, and tried to and and tried to freaking actually had the audacity to try to stay this is this is back at freaking Thanksgiving. Go figure. Or no. Not Thanksgiving. Fourth of July. Tried to conjure up some shit like that. Fucking shut down immediately. But Wait a minute. Her I'm about I'm about sick I'm about sick as a whole I'm about sick as a whole the Oxford shit, the the people wanting to fucking say anything and everything in Oxford. Even when I've I've literally minded my own business, stayed out of the scene. And it's like everything consistently wants to freaking play a revolving door and circle to you know? And in this case, like this, even things that never even happened. So yeah. I mean, it's a very sensitive subject for me. And that rightfully so. And I can't, again, I can't tell you, again, how sorry I am that I actually put you through that. And at the same time, you also have to understand what I went through. And when it, you know, when it happened to you by a member of your family, your immediate family, especially at a young age, you question every scenario, every person, everybody, like, just just everything. There is no real foundation of trust. I understand that, but there's other people that have been around her. But nobody else got an accusation like that. I mean, I just that's where I just don't know. That's that's not true. That's not true. Apparently, you haven't grasped the concept that I actually deal with complex PTSD. I am in therapy for it. And I have taken extraordinary measures to make sure that nobody harms our daughter. So, I mean, as far as, you know, quote, unquote I see what you're saying, but, I mean, that that's it. You know, it's still the whole, like, you know, that's the reason why I feel the way that I feel. Okay? So, Matt Matt, let me tell you something. Okay? We're we're more than others. Because it's like it's like people are gunning for me that have no reason gunning for me. People had gun for me that had no reason to gun for me. But yet, you know, it happened. How did her how did her brother find out about that? I don't know the gist of everything. But but Unless Maddie told him. Somebody she she said it was somebody that he worked with. Somebody that he works with. Well, no. And it was he tried to it it wasn't repeating the Lydia story. It was he tried to use that as ammunition to try to actually say that when his son came over here for Emmy's birthday and stayed the night, that I tried to fondle his son. Said this a year later. Said this a year later. And I never once went upstairs. I was already pissed off enough that Maddie even okayed him even staying because that meant her having to take him all the way back to Oxford. I I told her it was his it that that he was her responsibility for the night, so she agreed to let him I didn't wanna change any extra diapers or anything. So okay. How can you get the accusation of fondling a child that is in diapers? Well, it was Long he was like I don't know. I'm trying to think how old he is. He's, well, he's he's old. Well, is he older than Lydia? No. I think he's, I mean, Matt, if this happened He's probably somewhere around five. What? I think do what? If if this supposedly happened a year ago, and you can recall telling Maddie that, you know, she's in charge of taking care of him, like, diapers Because he only he only stayed at the house one time, and that was whenever we lived in in Olive Branch. And it was freaking Mary Evelyn's birthday. The family came down for the birthday. That's that's how I remember because it's not like there were multiple times that he even stayed at the house. That was the the one and only time that he came with the family and wanted to stay. So why is why is all of a sudden this accusation against you? It's not an accusation against me. He wanted to he wanted to talk shit about me even coming down there for fourth of July and use that as a reason, which was I mean, it was close to probably well, no. It was okay. It's fourth of July. And This past July 4. This past July 4. And Emmy's birthday is February 26. So it was that birthday, so it wasn't a year. Okay? It was, what, like, almost six months? Yeah. Yeah. So the Yeah. He he had he had said something he had said something he had said something to do what? As soon as you of molesting his his son. Yeah. The same thing that I was accused of of my daughter, which never fucking happened. All to freaking I don't know why he holds a vindictive just issue with me. Hell, I gave the guy money to come down here in the first place. We're living in Water Valley. Never have done anything freaking out of place when it came to him. I don't know why he's got a Benedict inside. So, I mean But it's just monstrous shit that I've never made that he he said that to you July. He didn't say it to me. He said it to Maddie's mom, but Maddie's mom was just you know, she she didn't know, like, what to think. Clearly, you know, didn't believe him at all. Got on the phone with with Maddie. Maddie shut that shit down real quick, fast, in a hurry. Because Maddie knew, just like me. Mhmm. I had nothing to do with it. Matt, I had also told you repeatedly that you were not there that day when I took Lydia to the ER. And I also told the ER doctor, the nurse, actually, both of the female nurses that were in there, and the CPS worker from Yellow Bush County and Lafayette County and the detective for Yellow Bush County. They were all in Lydia's room. Oh, I'm sure. It's it's certainly named Matt Veron. Matt. What? I told them flat out. I said the last thing I want to do is accuse her father of something that he did not do. And I said, I don't know what happened with Lydia. And I said, I know this. There is bruising type discoloration around her rectum. I don't know how it got there, what it was from. And then after that, Lydia was actually diagnosed with the functional constipation. I mean, I just think people that do that kind of stuff, I mean, it's beyond sick. The fucking animals. Let me finish. Okay? The detective that was there, I actually knew him. He was married to my history teacher, miss Davis. I don't know if they're actually married or not. They're probably just what you call partners, whatever. I don't know. But he he actually told me to write out the statement and bring it by his office and just leave it on his desk. First of all, I did not even feel comfortable writing a single word on that paper and leaving it on somebody's desk, especially when it came to sensitive stuff about our daughter and you. And quite frankly, I did not have anything to write about. I did not have anything to report because I did not know. I did not know myself. And so help me God, I am a overprotective, to an extent helicopter mom, but rightfully so. And you were right there firsthand, Matthew, whenever we lost the twins. And you were right there every single day when I was carrying Lydia. And I'll do that with the you know that I would never you know? Matt, that those are things that I am sympathetic towards. Those are things that I consider. Those those are memories, and those are things that engulf our daughter that I consider. I never filed a report against you. Ever. Well, I know stuff like that, the state picks it up. But, honestly, you know, it was like, those bastards already were throwing every curveball at me as they could. You know? Freaking nonethical shit. Hey, you know, this that that was just a heyday for them. They didn't get any kind of real buzzed up about the proof. I did not think that it would be handled like that. I didn't. But the fact of the matter is, you know, it is what it is. What what happened happened. And that's why we can actually be here today well, tonight on the phone with each other, talking civilly about our daughter. I can rest my head at night knowing that no one has touched our daughter. That's saw her, part of her psychosexual development and everything, she is right where she needs to be. Yeah. She is healthy. I saw her music teacher, at Celebration Village. How'd that go? It went good. She had fun. Her music teacher was miss Claus. Mhmm. Walked up and said, does she go to L'Faye by chance? She does. And she said, I'm her mute I'm her, one of the teachers over there. I'm I do music. What day was this? Saturday. Saturday? Yeah. Matt. Hello? Hi. Don't you fucking even What's that? Yes. Fuck you. I'm talking to you that way. Alright. Well, let me go. Well, I was gonna I was gonna tell you that I'm I'm sorry that, you know, that was, you know, put on a new like that again. Yeah. And that's That's kinda that's kinda making a lot out of me. It's kinda made me a lot you know, pretty numb to a lot of things. That's for sure. Are you talking to me? I was talking about Christian. Oh my god. But I rest assure you're not gonna get any strife from me. Okay? Okay. Well, I've gotta deal with an issue over here, clearly. Yeah. So let me let me go through this. Okay. Alright. Alright. Bye.