Source: 20190717-095122_101_(662)893-5208_Outgoing_Auto_1087934178036.mp3
Drive file id: 1n_z8A3EV5J2GIJOR1NNoylp8g6uuWPO7
Batch: AudioFilesAndRecordings

Public Works. This is Sherry. Hey, Sherry. Y'all handle the city water and all that utilities? Yes. What are you needing? K. Great. Well, Quinn just came by my house. Uh-huh. My name is, Matt Reardon. I I live over at 7677 Alexander's Crossing Drive. Mhmm. I was, telling him I'm I'm in a bit of a bind. I, Marine Corps veteran. I started a business, with a friend over here a year ago and, got royally screwed over, lost my job April 1, and started a a new company trying to get traction, get it off the ground, and and work for something big right now. But, I'm, like, two weeks behind on on rent. I'm trying my best to stay afloat, keep my my family covered. And, obviously, I'm behind on on utilities. And I was gonna see what the, you know, if if there's any way that you guys would work with me, see what the minimum that I would have to to pay just to keep the water on. Okay. That's not my department. So let me transfer you to the lady that can help you. Her name is actually Sherry also. So hold on just a second. Okay? Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Sir, she's not answering her phone, so I'm gonna transfer you over there to the main number. Okay? Okay. And what I need that I do need Olive Branch Utilities. This is Sherry speaking. Hi, Sherry. Uh-huh. Hey. You're just the, up my phone thought I said, hey, Sherry. You're just the person I was looking for. I was speaking to the other Sherry, and, she said to to speak to you. I just, spoke to Quinn, at my front door, unfortunately. Great guy. Very nice. So I have I'm in a predicament. I'm in a, quite a quite a pickle. I'm a Marine Corps veteran. I'd moved up here about a year ago and, helped a friend, start a a company. And, actually, April 1, when things got really great, I ended up getting cut out of a job. And I've got a family of four, and, I I just started a I started a company, to to try to, make ends meet and it's gain traction, but it's not quick enough. And, right now, I'm about two weeks fine on rent. The landlord's reading down my neck saying that, got to pay within the next two weeks or they're gonna serve an eviction notice. And I'm working something really big here. I just don't, you know, I don't need the water turned off for my family. And, what is the name that's on the account? It's Matthew Reardon. Me. It's 7677 Alexander's Crossing Drive. That was 437. Okay. That way, I just know what account that I'm supposed to be looking at. Sure. And I know it's I I realized it has gone unpaid. Trust me, I've, you know, the the biggest thing has been making that big $1,400 a month rent payment that, you know, which definitely that's been, that hurts, definitely. And, you know, kids the kids, welfare, of course, come first. And, it's just been it's been a lot of stress that I've been under for sure. Right. Mister Reardon, the only the only thing is is the bill was three months behind. K. Is there any way, like, if you need the bill number due at the end of this month. We did try to give you a courtesy call. I didn't get it. Because I'm not sure the right number. Right. That's what I was gonna say. I'm not sure what number I what am I speaking to you on? The (662) 495-0088? Yes, ma'am. Okay. So the number we have was (662) 832-5049. Yeah. That's been disconnected for a while. So we do try to give courtesy calls to give you a heads up letting you know that it is coming up for shutoff. Okay. Now this is, the only thing I can tell you to do, and I don't know how quickly they could help, that would be Mid State Opportunity. They're located right here on 78, and they may can help you. Midstate Opportunity? Mhmm. Midstate Opportunity. They also have Sacred Heart in there. Usually, Midstate, what they do is they just pay the gas portion. And right now, the your gas portion of your bill is not very high. Okay. Midstate Opportunity may pay at least a $150. Now is there any without having to pay the 300 and whatever dollars, is there any minimum amount that that I could That pay up? Just to keep just to keep it from getting disconnected today. That's what it would have that's what it would take because it is three months behind. Okay. Well, what's I mean, what's the total owed then? Let's see. Now you have a bill due this month on the thirtieth. Of course, we're not asking you for that one because it's not due as of yet. So your full total is $3.87 80. Your past due amount is the $3.00 $3.73. Okay. I mean, I'm just I I'm I'm literally just just looking to buy just a little bit of time here because I'm I mean, that's I mean, I understand that, and then we all have problems. But the thing is is now it's at the point where there is no help. It's three months behind. We've waited as long as we could wait. Right. And if I even if I paid two months, you know, to where it's it's obviously No, sir. We have to we have to have it all because it all is past due. Tell you, it sucks if you're an American, even a veteran that runs into a bind in this country. I mean, I understand that you serve this country, sir. And, I mean, I really appreciate you for that. But we have waited it's been three months. You haven't called before now to say, hey. I'm having difficulties. If you would've called beforehand and said, hey. I'm having difficulties. Is there something that we could work out? Yes. We could've worked something out. But at this point now, it's three months behind, almost four months. And there's nothing else that I can do. It has I mean, it has went as far as I can let it go. Okay. Alright. Well, I mean, I got a I've got some money coming in. And I've got a direct deposit coming tomorrow and Friday from a gig that I did a few years ago. Still get some residual income in on it. I was just gonna you know, I was trying to put as much of that towards rent to keep them getting evicted, but, obviously, I wanna, I wanna keep keep the water too. So I'll bring, I guess I'll get a payment to you guys before 01:00. Alright. And if you just need a little bit longer, you know, we can give you you know, just call me back if you haven't gotten it, you know, before one. I mean, can you guys give me till tomorrow or Friday at least? No, sir. We can't. It's on today's list. It would have to be paid today to keep the services on. Wow. Now I can extend it out to 03:00, but that's as far as I can extend it out. Alright. Alright. Guess I get anything that I can I can work with right now? Tell the kids to go ahead and get their baths just in case. But I'll let him know that it's I'll give you till till three. Alright. Okay? Alright. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye.