Source: F97CEB02-E300-4BDB-85FD-DD7CFD9C69C8
Drive file id: 1WJsKcTRTtqlJd9HNxMPHQ1ehAxYdTeS0
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Because your device has been recorded, lost, or stolen, all services are intended. To reactivate your service, press 1. If you don't want service reactivated at this time, please hang up. Otherwise, stay up. Go ahead and enter your four digit account security code now. That security code doesn't match our records. Please try again. Please enter your account security code now. Please hold while we transfer you to a customer service. 74841. This is this is crazy. I think it's the second try, and they just automatically forward you on. Recorded. Please notify your representative. Representatives are no longer able to I'm not to the point of telling them to give me my damn money back. I mean, there's most people who are freaking shasers. At verizonwireless.com or on My Verizon mobile from your phone or tablet. They made me happy to not pay their bill and run off the way they're freaking treating me now. They deserve I've told them. Thank you for calling Verizon Wireless. My name is Neil. May I have your name, please? Maddie Doris. Hi, Neil. How can I help you today? Hi, Neil. Just to expedite things, we've got a huge issue. You might wanna go ahead and get your manager over here. Oh, yeah. That's good. It's been it's been back and forth between y'all and between C Spire. Bye, baby. Here. Here. Y'all have said twice now that C Spire is at fault, and the ceasefire is the is the reason why this iPhone eight plus that was completely paid off in full when the line was first started with ceasefire. Y'all are saying they're they're the ones that are that have the line locked. They're saying that the line is completely unlocked and that there's no reason that it's being held up. So somebody's lying here. Verizon refused to put it in writing to us. I asked for an email stating that so we could get to the bottom of it. I paid for two lines last night, and this phone this this other line is suspended. Verizon took it on themselves to report it lost or stolen. So if this problem doesn't get rectified, there's going to be some some answering. I can assure you that. Yeah. I understand how important it is, to get the phone to work for the phone to work. Yep. Can can we just open the account first? Can I have the phone number, please? Yeah. It's, it's gonna be (662) 782-3088. Thank you. Let me just go ahead and pull you up. Okay? One moment, please. Okay. And can I have the, security code on the account, please? That's another debacle right there with y'all's my account feature. I'd I have the 3087 number. I'm her husband, and that was the only line that would work last night. I set up my account, sent me a temporary code. I put that in. It told me to change the code to something different. I put in 6401, and I'm being told that that's incorrect on y'all's end. I was advised to change that. I changed it to 7484, and I'm still, being told that that's wrong. And I don't I don't know what the issue is. I just I feel like I feel like there's there's some pretty serious issues going on right now that Yeah. I understand. How about this? So I've tried putting in those numbers, security code, and it's not working. Of course. Can you please provide, mister can you please can you just provide me at least two phone numbers that you dialed within forty five days? Wait. What? Two phone numbers that you you dialed for, within forty five days. I just got y'all I just I just open if you look at the account, I just opened the lines up last night. I just got the bring your own phone, SIM cards, and I only was able to activate one one phone. Okay. How about providing me the, IMEI of your phone? Okay. You can find it. Mhmm. I know where it's at. Which which one? The, three zero eight seven or the 3088? 3088. Okay. Yeah. That's the one that won't transfer over, that y'all are saying is ceasefire's fault. Hang on one second. That one is Hold on. It is 353353. 011011. 093093. 650650933. 133. Thank you. Okay. Alright. So for this account, let me check here. The account is active now. Before, going any further, we are going to change the security code for this 3088 number for you to be able to, access this. And, can I have, four numbers if you need it for you to remember? 747484. I mean, that was and the crazy thing is that was what the last rep, said. It was that she she was gonna change it to make it where, you know, it worked on the 3088 number. And Here we are. Behold, here we are again. I call in, and and it doesn't accept the the code. So What was that again? 74848. 7484. Yes, sir. Okay. Thank you. I'll be updating this for you. One moment. Okay. Alright. So, now, we need to also set up security question here. Just put, give me an answer for this. What is the first name of your best friend? Do you have the do you have the security question of where did where did you and your spouse meet? Let me check. Yeah. We have that one here. Alright. Let's let's put down Facebook. That's gonna be the easiest to to remember. Okay. Alright. So we we just updated the, security question and as well as security code. So, going back to the phone that we have here as I can see here that, the phone is active. Let me check. Where is the switch on that? I I've gotta locate it. I don't know. I might have to go to this Verizon store and get another one if I can't find that one. Did you look in there on the I'm gonna cable? I'm I'm still looking. And, you mentioned earlier that you have two two accounts. Right? Yes. It's a family share account is what we have. Mhmm. But of a company, there's 3088 number. Yes. That's my number. Yeah. That is I'm the I'm the account holder, and my husband is on my account as the second line. We just opened it last night. So, yes, I'm the account holder. Can I have your phone number of the, second line, please? Yes. (662) 782-3087. Thank you. Uh-huh. 782-3087. Right? Yes. You should tell C Spire about that XR about showing there's an eight plus in the account. I'll probably take care of that though in person. Okay. So what we have here for this 3087, this is, the main account. Correct? No. The there's 3088 is I'm the account holder. My name is on the account as the account holder. Maddie Dorris. Yeah. Both of us. You Okay. Both of the main account. I don't care. Well, it doesn't matter either way. But, I mean, when we put in when we did the whole activation thing last night, my name was the account holder. It showed on the account. Maddie Dorris is the account holder. My phone number is gonna be the 3088 line. My husband's is the 3087 line as the second line on the account. Okay. Let me just go ahead and check this, second account here. There's nothing wrong with that account. It's active. I'm using it. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. I paid I paid off the remainder balance that was owed to C Spire yesterday on that phone. I only had, like, two payments left on it before it was paid off. Paid it off because I was tired of the lousy service over here where we moved and decided it was time to just go with another service. So I was able to play it up, and what I can see here in the account, the, 3087 is working good. Correct? Yes. How about 3088 It's three week old. No. That is that's the problem. We are getting whenever It's staying suspended. It's showing suspended on the account because y'all suspended, and it also shows that it was lost or stolen or something on the account. When I pulled when my husband pulled up the account, it said that, basically, it was reported as missing or stolen. And it's my cell phone that I purchased from Ceasefire when I started a plan with them, a year ago. And I paid straight out for the phone 900 and something dollars to start a line with them because I didn't have good enough credit to do any payment options. So I had to pay straight out for a phone. So I paid straight out for the iPhone eight and then started a, line with them. And then here we are now with Verizon was telling me that it was basically C Spire's fault because they didn't unlock the, the phone. But C Spire has already confirmed two times that the phone should be unlocked and is unlocked because I've used it on Verizon, in the past with the SIM card for, like, a week or two. So Oh, you did. It's been unlocked. Yeah. So it's been it's been unlocked. What is the hey. What is the name of the store? C Spire. What is your name? C Spire. Can you spell that one out for me? Yes. So it's c as in cat, s as in Sam, p as in Peter, I as in igloo. C Spire. Okay. Yes. Uh-huh. So C Spire would love to know. It is a brand new phone, and and what you can see here, this is iPhone eight plus. Yeah. It's not yeah. It's not a brand new phone. I mean, I've had it for a year, and I've purchased it, like I said, from C Spire when I started a a line with them. But, since then, I've had it unlocked because, it was being used with Verizon for temporarily, and everything was fine. Well, then a SIMS card was C Spire was put back in the phone, and everything was fine as as long as, you know, with all that. But then here we are now. We're switching plans to Verizon or switch switching to Verizon. And when I put my SIMS my new SIMS card in last night, it was telling me basically I couldn't use the phone whenever I would make a call. It said that, couldn't make the call, contact customer service. So when we contacted customer service, they were telling me that it was because the phone is not is or the phone is locked to my previous carrier, which that's not the case. Even we even had I even had the craziest thing. I had a I had a woman I had a woman last night that actually went so far as to say that Verizon locked it on y'all's end so that y'all wouldn't accept it. And that was the craziest stuff. Yeah. I can agree with you, Maddie, that this phone is, unlocked. It's because if it's locked, then for sure you can't use, the Verizon SIM card with this one. Right. Yes. Yes. Right? So, yeah, I can agree with you, with that. So, let me just go ahead and, check-in this account why it is tagged as stolen font. But, would that be okay? I'm ready to put you on affirmative. Yeah. That's fine. And I can review it. Okay? Yes. That's fine. Okay. Thank you. Hello, Chris. How did the woman how did that woman before say in such a straight face that it is completely locked? It is ceasefire. You're gonna have to deal with ceasefire, but I can assure you it's not on our end Yeah. And that it's completely locked. She didn't wanna give a statement. Yes. Exactly why. Because I know they can send they can send emails all together. Sure. Yeah. They can. Hey. What kind of truck and shit is this? I would love to I wish I'd got her name. And the thing is, it's freaking on on prepaid. So I mean None of that should even be here. You prepay. Okay. You're getting money upfront, Verizon. You're getting the money upfront. And if we don't pay, you shut it off. There is no way Well, there's not yeah. It has an end date. It has an end date every month. Of of of a bill not getting paid. But there's an end date once you purchase. When you purchase at the beginning of the month for your service, you have an end date. So that end date comes, it ends. There's no financing funds. No. We've already got the funds. So There's full shift. You wanna say that there's a vendetta from the past, money owed, cool, or wouldn't you rather us be customers so we could pay it back by getting your service than just not throw in a single dime. Regardless, it doesn't matter. They have no right to lock my phone. No. That's That's that. They have no right. They don't even own this is not even through them in the first place. This was a ceasefire device. Like, that that is in no way can that happen. They can lock their own fucking devices, but they're not gonna lock my motherfucking device. Holy shit. I'm sorry. I forgot with that recording. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, I get I get pissed when stuff happens. That's the only ones who get a way to get a that was cool. Why'd you let me do that? I gotta have to be black people. Do it? I mean, every now and then, I have to do it. I have to let it out. No. You hear me? Like, I I fucking come in like a bull in a giant shell. Understand. Yeah. I've been silent. Like, mom, when she's got an issue with the company, she she tells me to handle it because I get it done. I don't I don't play around. You know? I don't play games. And she's honestly she's she's learned how to, you know, step up and and be assertive and make sure these things get done. And then and then they get done right. I mean, like I told you, the next call was gonna be to the FCC commissioner. Federal Communications. You gotta go. Forty minutes. Oh my god. Well, I guess if you stay long enough I mean, they just might not be able to go north of school. You can take them. Thank you for appreciating your line, Maddie. Yeah. No problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now, what I'm going to do here right now is I'm checking on the IMEI of that phone to check if what's going on. Okay? Please stand. I'll I'll get back to you. Yeah. It's it's clean. We already ran the searches. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. And that's the reason why they're checking so that we confirm that, the, this phone should be working. Okay? Stay on the line, please. I'll be back. Thank you. Thank thank you. Okay. You he just confirmed that he just said it was unlocked. Like, that isn't okay. But you're gonna go check the numbers again, so I'm confused right now. We're trying to figure out any reason to deny it after we already paid our money. And that's the thing. It's not sitting very well with me. I wanna say I've dealt with this kind of shenanigans bullshit before. In fact, I'm I'm positive I dealt with it with the damn my account shit. Baby, we can go see who's up upstairs. If Amy wakes up, I swear to god. Yeah. I hear a stomping. I was fixing to see if I can go get that sand on the floor. That's not safe. You can go get that sand on the floor. The sand is cold. Hey. What? Hold on. Pretty dicks, the back glass. Is that where I fit? I'd like to know what the fuck that name is in for. Thank you for waiting on the line, Maddie. Alright. So right now, you don't need to worry. It's because I'm currently working on it right now. Okay? So we can get this phone, working before we end the call. Okay? Alright. So I'm working on it, and, please, give me more time here. Okay. That's fine. And I'll get back to you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your understanding. Okay. I'll get back to you. Stay on the line, please. Okay. Thank you. So in other words, in customer service, like, language, that means Mhmm. I don't know what the fuck's going on, so I'm just gonna put you on hold even longer. Hey. Shut your face. I've had those moments before. It's a common thing. It happens. We're all human. We don't know our jobs in and out just like, you know, you don't know. Mhmm. Okay. I'm just getting. Now it seems I don't wanna put it in yet. Yeah? Yeah. Then it's got to activate it. Now you can show it's serious. It's not it's in the damn phone. You ought to be able to see the phone on your end. It's wrong. K. Put that one back in my other phone, please. Bye. Come here. What? You what? Oh my god. Take a seat. Thank you for waiting in the line, Maddie. So right now, I'm on the process of reactivating the service of that, 3088 number. Okay? Just give me more time here. I'm almost done. I'll let you know what it's done. Okay? That's fine. We're just trying to find the slide to put the SIM card back in the phone. Hello? Yep. I'm sorry. I had it on mute. Yeah. Yeah. She, she just left her room for a second, but I was saying, yeah. That's fine. We're trying to track down the slide that holds the SIM card that goes in the phone right now. I don't know where it got put down last night. So Okay. Alright. So, you don't need to worry. I'm working on it right now. So just stay on the line. Okay? I'll let you know, if it's, okay, if it's ready. Alright? Alright. Stay on the line, please. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Yes. Not the 308. So what we're what we're going to do with the 308 right now is that we are going to turn it off and turn it back on. Okay? Okay. Can you do that for me? Yes. Give me one second. Okay? Yeah. Sure. I'll let you know if it's completely turned on. Okay. And where is that metal thing at that takes a You just picked them up. You put them up here. Yeah. That's gonna be on a three zero eight. Okay. We can try it. Now it's just the capability of doing dual. Mhmm. How does that read? Is it? Yeah. How do you turn it off? Okay. So I'm turning it off right now. And, do I need to do I need to wait a couple of seconds to before I turn it back on? No. Just turn it on right away. You can you can turn it on now. K. So you've you've, you've been having this issue for, since yesterday? Well, yes. Last night when we got the phones, I immediately put it in the phone that I was gonna use with Verizon. But, like I said, it it was saying that it basically, I needed to contact customer service because of Okay. Yeah. The frustrating thing was not the whole, like, it not working. It was nobody just seeming to have any kind of care to help us. You know? And that was and that was the most bothersome thing is, you know, it was it was nothing on our end. It is working. Yeah. It's working. Working now? It is. Yes. Are you able are you able to make a call? Yes, sir. I just made one, and it was working. Alright. Perfect. Alright. Very good. Thank you so much. So, we need yeah. We just, fixed the problem. And, as you can see here that with this account, with this $3.00 $8.08, you also have this $15 plan. Okay? So everything works good, sir? Yes. And, Maddie? Yes. It does. Else I can help you with or any questions before I go? That's it. That's it. Thank you. You're welcome. Once again, this is Neil. Thank you for calling Verizon. Have a great day. You too. Bye bye. Bye.