Source: FA04C041-32A2-4C08-AD0D-FEF2EC400887
Drive file id: 1Wa0RbsbBSWJLB_Cp6nl1zjijD0GxKZKW
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Hello? Calling you from a company dedicated to carry out automatic telephone surveys. Your participation is very Pat, this is epic. I'm fucking going back and forth with Christy about Lydia. Hey. What are you doing? I'm in the sandbox. Well, did they not put it in a separate fucking box? Like hey. They have it in bags. Okay? And it has chips with it. You they had one of my my halfs in in there with yours. Okay. Can you not frame and does it really matter? I know. Look at this. So I told Christy, I said, I hope Liz is fully advised and knows the disastrous legal outcome this all is going to spell out for her by her willful and con I meant to say, condemnations contempt of the judge's visitation schedule, especially in light of her getting a majority of my residual income every month and all the false reports I've unearthed. I'm a great father, and it's adding weight on more and more each day. I mean, not seeing my child or talking to her. So as I told you, I'm not involved in anything related, related, to the issues with y'all's child. Mhmm. But surely you need to talk about. Listen. Listen. But surely, you know that visitation is not tied to child support. Look. I've been right with the other stuff I've done. So I know I got this. Mhmm. The two are completely separate issues. One does not depend on the other. Mhmm. And I said, yes. And surely, you know that a willful refusal to let me see or talk to my child for five months time. Meanwhile, I've complied on everything and not been behind on child support, been the victim of many false reports filed by her proven false, and I have two police reports from two from different dates where she advises sheriff's deputies that CPS told her I couldn't see Lydia as I was under investigation, plus two recordings speaking to CPS where they flat out say she is lying, and the reports by her have been closed out as lies. Spells disaster in a custody case, especially given that I can factually prove now that I was framed, not to mention the timing of her false reports coincides with the dates, which can directly tie her into this with motive. And she said, of course, no parent is allowed to unilaterally change visitation without just justification. Absolutely. Exactly what I was saying. She just admitted is allowed to a letter of relationship and solicitation without justification. Absolutely. Yeah. That's what I was trying to get from her. Yeah. But you're talking about her about something that shouldn't be talked about. I don't care. She's not representing her in in the child custody. I'm not talking about it. Because she's the closest to Liz from an attorney standpoint. I mean, I mean, I just wanna know. I hope that she's being well advised on the repercussions that are gonna come from this because I wanna see my fucking child. Alright. Hey. Where are you going? Where you going? Woah. Can we not smell? Honey, come on. Where do you wanna go? I wanna go park I wanna go park off of the height. I was gonna say I wanna go park off of Charlie's Road, and we can go ride it. And then you drop me back off of my car, and you can take that on out to Taylor and go to Mammoth's. But it's not fun because I'm not with you. Here, you've been alone, you say, all day, and I haven't had you. Like, is that really how you feel? I don't like it. I don't have the other choice. My car is blowing gas. My front end's fucked up. My kids need to go to bed. I can come out there later. You can go and take the flight, and then I'll meet up with you later. K? It's just crazy that through no fault of my own, my fucking family is split up Again. Holiday. Already happened with Lydia. Here. I need to push in there. I know. It's all right now. Why are you doing it? Love you. Love you.