Source: 2FB1A230-68A6-4EF6-950B-7F0594860945
Drive file id: 1Mten_645xH3yteTyoAp4gz-SO5pu9BQS
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

To, what judges are there right now? Pardon me? What judges are up to your chance to report right now? Is it, officer? I can't get it. I don't have insurance to hear that one. Okay. Who is, or what's what's the number is 236-0233. K. 32. Okay. Alright. What about Alderson? Is he not He did? Okay. Gotcha. Alright. I appreciate it. You're welcome. Bye bye. Judge Wil Wilwell's office. Good afternoon. Is Judge in today? He is. Okay. This is Matt Bearden. I this is not about the child. I mean, that's that's, of course, a huge issue that I'm gonna have to address, but don't need to do that today. I need an emergency injunction. Hannah, I need to meet with the judge, like, now. There's an immediate risk of life and property, and I need an injunction issue now. Well, I'm on yeah. I'm on the way up there. I'm on Highway 7 right now. So I would prefer to actually meet with him instead of just I'll I'll take that off. Can you hold for some of it? Sure. Yes. Okay. The problem is I need to do it. I I can't afford a filing fee right now. I'm, like literally, this woman has targeted my employment, my wife's employment, and she has just published information about, you know, where we're staying. There's got to be, you know, there's gotta be some integrity left in the court to address that without having I mean, like like, me being put in the position that I am. She she did this because she's friends with the mayor, and and this is all because of the stuff in 2017 and because I'm exposing the corruption scandal, the corruption ring. And and literally, this woman has come after. She's she has been invoking the mayor's name saying that it's because she's friends with them. This is I mean, it's it's all been a quid pro quo just literally assassination of me. Well, I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm just not, you know, happy. Really? That's it. So so publishing publishing where my family is. Right. And and that's that's something the county is really just gonna gap off. Well, I mean, there are, you know, procedures and processes. I could I could have his staff attorney call you back in just a few minutes if you'd like. Maybe she could give you some more options. Yeah. I would like that because I think it's just ridiculous that I mean, here, this is this is crazy. You know, I got arrested and charged with a fake crime for nothing near as serious as this right here. But anytime it's the liberal left, the wacky left, nobody ever wants to do anything about that. It's just turn, you know, turn a blind eye. Yes, sir. What's your phone number? 662, 812-1613. Okay. She's up now, and she'll be back in just a minute. I'll have her call you. Okay. Bye bye. Bye.