Source: BAD06103-B888-405B-8726-2B860350E009
Drive file id: 14hP2djLkaHBOU4YnpmW9vO0VJNCEiQ5n
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Spoke with Jane at Aiden and Ollie. Kelly is out right now. Had an ant that passed, but got a card. Sent an email to Aiden and Ollie or AidenandOllie@Yahoo.com. Hey. How are you? Good. How are you? Doing good. I was driving down the street and saw this wonderful strip of businesses right here. I said, hey. It's a Honey Hole, and I gotta stop in, introduce myself. I'm Matt. Clayton. Clayton, nice to meet you. Hannah. Hannah, nice to meet you. I started a company at the beginning of May called Manic Mobile Okay. And, do something really unique. Okay. It's mobile marketing to the fullest extent. I've got the most robust mobile marketing platform in the Mid South. Alright. I do a free trial for every business, on my website. I just started a video series, write articles, put out some really inspirational motivational stuff. Okay. You must check it out. Absolutely. I've got textmessagemarketing.org right now forwarding to manicmobile.com. I'm going through a little bit of an overhaul on my sites. I own so many different domains. I'm trying to figure out what to do with all of them. So Alright. But just check it out. It's it's pretty unique. I'm actually I don't know how to disclose. But I will relay your message Okay. To the owner. Sure. And I will give her this. What's her name? Tina Tatum. Tina Tatum. Does she have a card? She is at our Hernando location right now. Okay. Here's her card. Awesome. Awesome. Do you want me to do you wanna take this with me or you wanna Man, I I got so many of these things. I print them in house, and I just want as many of them out as possible. Absolutely. So We'll put this in her office. Okay. Awesome. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Have a good one. Y'all have a good one. Staffing central. Hello. How are you? Good. How are you? I'm good. I heard y'all, have a really big chili dog promotion going on today. It's been advertised all over the radio. Well Or you can eat chili dogs for $5? I would. I know. Sound really good right now. I was driving down the strip, and, I saw this honey hole of businesses right here, and I just had to stop in, like, a magnet for it. I just see it. I I I can't ignore it. Hey. My name is Matt. I'm Anna. Anna. Macy. Macy. I, wanted to stop in and introduce myself. I started a company called Manic Mobile, oh, at the beginning of May in our branch, and I do something very unique, for small businesses. I've got the most robust mobile marketing platform in the Mid South and got things that no other company has. I give a free trial to every business. I've got a, digital loyalty punch card that comes complimentary for, you know, all my plans for businesses. Your customers can, instead of carrying around like a old fashioned stamp card if y'all I don't know if y'all do anything like that or not, but, keep it on their phone. You can send out text message specials, do, contests, you know. We got so many different features that are listed on the inside of here. Just started a video series, write a lot of articles, and put out a lot of inspirational stuff. So if you could encourage your owner to check out my website and definitely try out take a free trial of the platform, I think they would be amazed at at how well what I've got works. Thank you. Absolutely. Do, who is the owner over here? I'm Silver Properties. Are you? Yeah. Gotcha. I should have actually known that. I it's I know that from doing this for five years and running into some of these places, some of the Palm Beaches. But That's me. Okay. Well, I will, always like to grab a card at every place that I go to. Who would I need to speak with to get up the chain? Not afraid. I mean, I would mostly the the only number we have to, like, direct to talk to on is, like, our So there's no, like, marketing director or district, regional manager? Really? It's a point in having a marketing director if they I wanna be reached out to about ideas. Just like the manager over each region. Yeah. They usually market. So it's not really like the not like I got you. Well, that's what I thought mark micromanaging with, like, regional managers is for. Palm Beach may not have gotten to where they've gotten to if they didn't have somebody willing to hear them out, listen to an idea to create a franchise and grow. But if you could, just take a look at that and, you know, maybe if the that person comes in, just put a bug in there for me, if you don't mind. K. Here to help as many businesses as possible. So alright. Thank you. Y'all take care. Hi. How are you doing? Well, I'm guessing does Pat run this place? No. Jen does. Jen does? It's funny because I was actually gonna say I would assume that Pat is not Pat is not the owner. No. It's funny how that works. Yeah. Yeah. I just I was driving down the street and, saw this strip of businesses here, and I like to call it a honey hole. I had to stop in here and and, introduce myself to all the businesses. My name is Matt. Nice to meet you, Hailey. Hailey? I, started a company at the beginning of May called Manic Mobile at Olive Branch, and I do something really unique for small businesses. I've got the most robust mobile marketing platform in the Mid South and, do quite a few unique things you won't see with any other company. Mhmm. I give a free trial to every business, no obligation, no strings attached, and wanted to encourage y'all to take a free trial and see how my platform can really benefit your business. Okay. Yeah. For sure. I'll give this to my manager Okay. And she'll look it over. And if she's interested, we'll give you a call. Sounds good. Is there a business card that I can grab while I'm here? Yeah. Absolutely. Here you go. Good deal. Alright. And what is your manager's name? Jen Powell is the owner. Okay. And I kinda have two managers. And then Mary is Mary Lynn is the co owner. Okay. Jen is okay. Yeah. This this is Mary's business card. Okay. And does Jen have one up there or no? That one should be hers. It should. Very well. There should be her on that one. That's the email you can reach her at. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. And then that's just our shop phone number. Awesome. Okay. Well, good deal. I'll try to shoot over a little email with some information. Most of the time, emails get overlooked. Mhmm. Yeah. So, if you could just put the bug in your ear, show them this thing right here. It goes over everything pretty well. It's got an article I wrote on the back. And, yeah. Thank you. Alright. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. You too.