Source: 3F5A4695-876B-4572-9FF5-352B90328204
Drive file id: 15Koc8bkqLQS5XsnnftHZ3VcxVBBkLSoM
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

I got it. Yes, ma'am. Looking to speak with the county attorney. I left him a voice mail yesterday. Let me see if he is in the office today. May I ask your name? It's Matt Reardon. It's actually a matter of of really high, importance of the county, the Lafayette County sheriff invoked the county's name, in regards to why a public records request, which would clear my name, was not being produced. And I've asked for this multiple times, done the formal procedure, and it's not being complied with. So my statute of limitations runs out at the end of this week. I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to file a lawsuit and name the county's defendants, because the situation that this put me in if I don't get any answers. Mister Rudy, can you hold one moment? Let me see if he is in his office. I have I'll get him down, and I'm not sure if he's out the line. Can you just hold one moment? Yes, ma'am. Okay. If they know how important this is to do that because they're gonna take that from the other. That's fine. At least shouldn't have done that. It's fine. It's documented. I don't care. I can care less. Document. If they're not gonna comply, then problem. Recording. Review, press 1. To continue This is David. Hey, David. This is Matt Reardon. How are you? I'm doing great. How are you doing, Matt? I'm doing alright. Doing alright. I, left you a voice mail yesterday. I should have reached out to you, honestly, well before yesterday whenever this became this started becoming a real big issue. I have I have requested through a FOIA, public records request. I've I'm doing riding with the outlaw. You know, I've, I knew I was framed back in 2017 on a crime I I couldn't have possibly committed. And I'm in my discovery phase. I'm concluding that now, and I've unearthed just unsurpassed evidence, you know, backing up my claim. And the one thing that I'm trying to get is, it was admitted on a, public records request from 05/30/2017, that Jared Bundren investigator Jared Bundren took a call at the sheriff's department on 05/24/2017. The way the police report reads, it was not it was not by Todd Lynch. There's definitely high inference there that that, you know, it was not Todd Lynch that made that call. And I have reason to believe that it's somebody very important, quite possibly the mayor, or her husband that is on that call that was made May 24. The sheriff's department is refusing to comply. I've, like I said, I've requested this three times now for information regarding the call as well as the recorded phone call. And, you know, that was before the three year window, that I requested, so they should have definitely maintained copies of it. I'm not getting any kind of compliance. In fact, the sheriff, when confronted this last time, he even admitted on video, he said, ask the county why we're not complying. So that really just threw the county into the middle of this. Okay. So are you wanting a phone recording? Yes. I want I want all the information on the the May 2017 phone call received by investigator Jared Bundren. And and, you know, there's a few other things that I would like to get that I haven't put in the request for because I'm not even getting compliance on that. I just yesterday got got the results of one of my foyas, which are all the the public record or all the police reports made by my ex. Sorry about that. Got a toddler back there that's No problem. Clearly need a nap. Do do you know whether in fact the phone recording exists? Per Joey East, you know phone calls. Well, I know. I know the police report says that a call came in. But but but Joey Joey advised me that that calls into the sheriff's department are recorded and that they have to maintain those for a certain amount of time, at least three years. And it was, like, three days prior to three years hitting from it was it was I think it was May 21. I requested, the the recorded phone calls once I got the the proof. Yeah. What I'll what I'll do, Matt, is I'll look at your your, public records check request, and then I'll I'll talk with Joey and Lisa Cartwell about what we have. Okay. So you'll get a response. You should get a response to the extent that we can produce the information. Right. You know, disclosing information according to the Public Records Act is one thing. Now a subpoena introduces different issue. Potentially, there's a greater, And that's my next route is a subpoena. Right. So I'm just telling you that there there may be other future avenues for you. I just have to take a look at and see what's subject to disclosure on the state act versus Well, where I'm at yeah. Where I'm at right now, David know what's there. So I'm I'm Right. I looked at this yesterday. Well, I'll take a look at that today. Okay. Yeah. Where I'm at right now is is my statute of limitations, the three year, is July 2020, because it you know, I signed everything 07/06/2017. And I've got to stay the statute of limitations. I gotta stop the clock, which means that I'm, you know, obviously, I'm gonna have to I'm a have to do a filing, both in state state court for the, post conviction relief, but, you know, also looking at having to take the federal here because I've honored so much evidence of of this being a political ploy. A quid pro quo just just plot to silence me and and get me gone. Well, I really can't address that with you because I don't I don't know what specifics you're referring to, but I'll take a look at the request. And, it's, and I'll give you a callback today. Okay. And then if you wanna we're gonna do. And if you wanna see the evidence that I've I've unearthed and I've I've published, it's on writingwiththeoutlaw.com. I've got I've got the vault there on the homepage. I just, you know, I want I would like to appreciate that, but I I do not you understand I can't get involved in that. I understand that. I understand that. I'm just saying I, you know, I want accountability and transparency. You know, something as important as this getting withheld and and and knowingly withheld, it doesn't sit very well with me. Yeah. Understand. So, let me take a look at it, and I'll expect to give you a callback this afternoon. Alright. Do you have my number? I it should be on the request form, shouldn't it? I've got a different number now, I think. To do. It's, (662) 812-1613. Okay. Alright. Okay. I'll see what I can find out. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. You're welcome. First, good luck.