Source: ABDD1AC9-2088-40D3-BFD8-830707A66102
Drive file id: 1V7r5OhiVIsIplk2B6F-f-bvG2oiu64xm
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Hello, journalism. This is Pierre. Yes, ma'am. Do y'all have any aspiring, independent journalist that might be free in about just under an hour? For what? For a fireworks show. That's that's for what? This is Matt Reardon, the Oxford Outlaw. Hello. And I'm the guy that was banished from Oxford and Lafayette County back in 2017. It was a, political sham, frame charge. And I've been on a, discovery process over the last three months to uncover, every element of the truth, which I knew all along was was part of a government corruption scandal, and that's in fact what it is. And I actually just, had a bombshell discovery today. I called a press conference on the, courthouse lawn, the county courthouse lawn at 04:00 today. Do you know who you should contact? Do you contact The Daily Mississippian? You know, I'm not really a big fan of them, to be honest with you. I mean, I I I like independent journalists. The Daily Mississippian has never really been independent. It kinda been, kinda like the Oxford Eagle. Just, you know, primarily by But, yeah, I understand what you're saying. But they're the only working student journalists currently working. I mean, they're the only people that are around to Gotcha. Have any students here. And we don't have any faculty on campus yet. So k. Got it. We've been that would would be the honestly, that would be who I would call because they are trying to cover law enforcement stuff going on right now locally and also, you know, university wide. Well, if you wanna see something if you wanna see something that'll absolutely just completely blow your mind, I'm documenting everything on ridingwiththeoutlaw.com. I'm I'm making a documentary of of everything. But it's ridingwiththeoutlaw.com. I'm publishing all the documents publicly. And Okay. If you go to the Oxford Outlaw Facebook page, there was a recording done just today where the county attorney basically just I mean, he just sealed the deal. Okay. So Alright. Well, are you saying riding, like, r I d I n g? That's correct. Riding with the outlaw? Yeah. Okay. Alright. I'll pass it along. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.