Source: DB783341-093D-4A3C-8F88-40417C6D0091
Drive file id: 1C-SFuccBRDk9tUTHbjjIM0IP-kr8E9VU
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

K. Take a holiday. How are you? Come on in. How you doing? Good. I was just gonna. Now I'm gonna go to break for the world. What's going on? Oh, not a whole lot. You got the consent form so I can put that on there? Absolutely. Now is there somebody that can initial off on it with me? Like, I'll put my initial first. I will take you into my majors office so that you got my top boss. Gotcha. Okay. Absolutely. Alright. Is that the old phone? Yes. And then he said here. Mhmm. So let me download it, but he wanted to add a couple of things under the consent to search form. I told him that I wasn't comfortable writing anything on the consent to search because it's his consent. Right. But he was going to write it on there, and he would like to have a witness to him writing it on there. And I said that I would come and bring him to your office because you're my top boss so that you can sign as a witness. Alright. Alrighty. It says, consent to search. Before any search is made, you must understand your rights. You may refuse to consent to search and may demand that a search warrant be obtained prior to any search of the premises described below. If your consent to a search anything of evidential value seized in the course of the search can and will be introduced into evidence in court against you. I, do me a favor. Okay. Print your name right there. Okay. Okay. And then, so I, Matthew Reardon, having been informed of my constitutional rights not to have a search made of the premises here and after mentioned without a search warrant and of my right to refuse to consent to search, hereby authorize detective Holliday police department, Police officers of the City Of Olive branch to conduct a complete search of my premises located at that's gonna be the phone. What type of phone is it? It's a iPhone seven. IPhone seven. Just regular seven. And what's the can you take that off for me? Because there's a specific code on the very back of it in really small numbers. It's the model a one six six zero. I got this this phone for my wife, and she used it for longest time before getting her own. And space fees for ID. Alright. So that specifies that it's only this file. Mhmm. These officers are authorized by me to take from my premises. Is there a passcode on it? Like, when you hit the home button, does it open up? Yes. Okay. Do me a favor. Go in there and take the passcode off. That way that or you can write it on here Okay. So that you know that not anybody's just gonna gonna be able to get a hold of it. These officers are authorized by me to take from my premises any letters, papers, materials, or other property which they may desire after giving me written receipt thereof. I am giving this written permission to the above men persons voluntarily and without threats or promises of any kind. Okay. And then you'll sign and date there. And anything you wanna add to it, do me a favor and add, like, a little star and add there at the bottom. Yes. Thursday. Christmas? Really? Maybe we'll get some snow. Can I get can I get your initials prior to me signing? No. I'll assign it at I'm sorry. I got you. It's worth a shot. You don't get anything you don't ask for. That's right. I agree. And today is the eighteenth, 12/18. Okay. And then I'm gonna assign it as a witness. Okay. So we hit the home button. Is it unlocked now? Mhmm. Do me a favor. Place it in airplane mode for me. Okay. Perfect. I'm also gonna put that it has this back case to make sure that you get this back case back as well. It's a blue it's a blue and gray Okay. Perfect. Okay. His signature is there Okay. So that you have him as a witness as well. Good deal. Please. Do you have any questions for me? I do not. K. That is for you. Okay. Now what is this? That is the search warrant. Okay. I didn't think of it as that was needed. Well, I didn't know if you were going to come and give consent or not. Mhmm. And so the judge gave me a search warrant. So what does that mean to my consent to search? That I can search with them. So is that that I wrote in still apply at the bottom? No. It does not? No. I wish I would have been informed of that upfront. Give you a copy of this. You can have this as well to show that I'm taking this as property for evidence, and I'll give it back to you as soon as I get it downloaded. Okay. Okay. Account? Well, And then you said I could have a day. Right. Not everybody can I mean You have to look on our day to see the phone line? Because, detective, you and I both know on this. I'll just know the a copy of the first letter? Sorry. Detective, you know you and I both know that my fifth amendment rights on this, the court has ruled that a passcode is protected under Fifth Amendment rights. You did. A fingerprint unlocked. I I did under the consent of what I wrote, and then I get presented with this after the fact Mhmm. And told that this is no good, not invalid. My fifth amendment rights of a passcode on my phone, had I have known about this, I would have requested an attorney. So now I'm gonna request an attorney. Okay. You can do that. Search warrant is invalid. I understand, but I was asked to sign a cons I was I asked yesterday for twenty four hours to consult with an attorney. I I did. She told me yes. I voluntarily brought it up here. I signed a consent to search, and I and I was presented with the search warrant after signing a consent to search. So what is this about? The search warrant will cover this department. I understand. There was no sense in me signing a consent to search. Any from you in that phone. Okay. K. Okay. Y'all are fishing. You're trying to solve your case. I know. And this it should be thrown out. Just because somebody points a finger doesn't mean But I can't throw it out without evidence. Okay. That's what downloading this phone is all about. But But I don't understand when you and I just had this conversation yesterday, and I said I was gonna talk to an attorney yesterday and be back up here today, which I did. I did. And I signed a consent to search. And it's rolling And I was told that I was told on the consent to search that if I put this here, that if you went outside of the scope, it is an illegal search. For your to have your consent. Yes. And I gave my consent. You went around me and got a search warrant whenever you told me I could have a day. She isn't she isn't fine for a search. No. She applied and had it signed off. It needs to be Wait until after I do my consent to search to present that to me and tell me that everything is 1223. 222. Go ahead. Slot. Mister Rubin, honestly, all I'm concerned about in that phone is the conversation between you and Phyllis. That's what I'm investigating. But because you are so hesitant me downloading the phone is not going to be called into question by any defense attorney. Okay. Because when I didn't hear back from you this morning I told you I went to the judge. Lunch break is twelve to one. I went to the judge And I can't have my phone were you here the other day yesterday? Between my lunch break, 12:10. Well, with you being so hesitant I asked for twenty four hours. I came in within twenty four hours. You didn't say you were going to turn the phone over. But I came in within twenty four hours. I said, let me ask my attorney a question. I I was told that I could, and I said that I would come in tomorrow. That was what we talked about. I'm confused on why you're so hesitant to What does it matter? Give me I have the right to privacy. To give me the evidence to be able to close this case to be able to show. I want that. But what's the point? What's okay. And I want that. But what's the point in in scoping it out to cover every single thing on my phone knowing that I have a right to privacy. That was exactly why I did this consent to search. When we download your phone, I can't limit the download. It downloads everything. And that's why we discussed yesterday that anything outside the scope that I put on this consent to search is an illegal search, and you knew it. With your consent. Yes. And you knew that I was coming in here today about that. That is sloppy, sloppy, sloppy. She explained to you yes or no. She explained to you that Yes. But what y'all search and what can be introduced is only in the scope of the messages between Phyllis Crowder and myself. She's not interested in in in introducing anything. What what what any other information have any bearing on your case? It has no other bearing. But I mean, I just the conversation The point is we can't limit the scope in the actual ballot because we don't have there is no way to program it to limit to x things. It either takes everything off the phone or it takes nothing off the phone. It's a complete dump of all the contents of the phone. And I completely understand that. But what I have a problem with is signing a consent to search and then being presented with that afterwards knowing that we had the conversation yesterday that I was gonna meet with my attorneys. I have a right to do. May I finish my sentence? Yes. Knowing that we can only take off everything or nothing. Mhmm. We want to be covered in our action of doing so because there is no way for us to physically do what you're asking to do. We can only download all of it or none of it. It's not set up to do anything else. The machine will not do anything different from that. We cannot program it to say we only want conversations between you and and certain individual or any other person's phone. We can't do that. So therefore, to be covered in our actions, we have to do this because we are only capable of downloading it all. Okay. We're only looking at what's pertinent to your case. I understand. And I'm gonna bring up the conversation that we've had several times as far as probable cause goes. I provided 31 pages of text messages. Where's the probable cause to even go and get a search warrant anyways? That is the probable cause. That in and of itself is probable cause. Okay. Because you're showing and stating that there is evidence in that phone Yes. That is pertinent to this investigation. Okay. That is the probable cause to validate the signing of that search warrant. Okay. Very well. This covers us so that if it were to go to court, if she were to try to file a lawsuit and she gets a good defense attorney and she says or he said that you can only do this. But any good defense attorney is going to say, you can't limit what you download. Okay. So, therefore, you truly didn't have consent of his even though he signed it. So then they'll try to get the evidence tossed. This covers my evidence Okay. So that what I present, the text messages that you printed out Mhmm. When I can get those in data form from the downloaded phone, I can present those Okay. And they're not gonna get tossed. Okay. That's all. Because we're physically unable to limit what that machine extracts. Understand. It extracts everything. Okay. And that's the only way to do it. Now we're we're only interested in what bears to your case. I understand. I mean, I I don't I don't I don't have enough time to go I understand. You told me that. I just feel the only thing I feel slighted on is the fact that I'd asked for a day and and I kept my word. I came straight up here. I signed a consent to search, but yet you go and get a search warrant and tell me after you give it to me that what we just agreed to on the consent to search that that's invalid. It's what you just told me in your office. It's not that it's invalid. It's that that it's that it is incapable of strictly limiting your request. Okay. The machine can't do it. No machine can do it. There's there's no Technology. Program, no technology out there available to strictly extract one of those specific things you may list. There is just not that way. It extracts all the data from that device. Okay. And it it catalogs it for what it is. For instance, multimedia message, where it's an SMS message, where it's a video, where it's a picture, where there's GPS data, where there's phone logs, contact information, all that. It extracts all of that and sorts it by those categories. So there's no way to tell it we only want this conversation between the owner of this phone and this person. Okay. Or we only want GPS data from this location during this conversation or session or anything like that. We can't do it that way because it's not used. It just can't be done. So what we have to do is take all of it. Now what we wanna do is be covered and we want we want to only get what you want us to get, which is perfect to your case. That's all we want. But we don't want to be in violation of anything by having it all because we don't have any way to do anything but take it off. Yeah. And that's it. So that's what just this appoints me the most is the fact that I've been completely voluntary of of, you know, I I didn't I had I didn't have to. Right. But I came up here, and and I met with her. I gave a hour long deposition, interrogation, provided proof through 31 pages of text messages. I mean, I've been completely, you know, voluntary. And from what I'm sorry, from her conversation with the VA, that's been very helpful, been in in has shed a huge amount of light on what's going on there. Mhmm. And I I don't see any problem, with the direction the case is going. But we have to do things this way to make sure we're not I mean, one talk about four fifty six and then the rights. We can't violate those. This keeps us from violating them. Alright. And and that's why we have to do it. Okay. So it's it's it's to protect you and what you want, but this is to be able to honor what you're asking, we're going we have to have this also because we are unable to extract only one thing we have to extract it. Understood. So that's that's that's fine. Okay. But we will we we have no problem honoring it. Right. But we have to be covered because we can only take it off. Okay. Alright. And that is your pocket. Okay. On your phone. Alright. I appreciate it. No problem. So you will need the Sony downloaded. It's gonna be a home when someone pick it up. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. Have a nice day.