Source: 74EFAF04-D353-4259-A652-AAD356574630
Drive file id: 1GXmYqDMYPXlSpQ7vbbNldZHAugVNB79x
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

No contract. So once once they spoke, John said, basically, if you want the phone for half off, you have to sign a one year contract. You will be paying $54.99 a month, which is the same price as no contract. He chose to do that, but then do what? And then and then realized afterwards that y'all do offer the no contract, company because with the company because that's that's what we wanted in the beginning, but was misled. Bad customer service. Yeah. And then and then as well as the customer service with with the manager was awful. He was he just wouldn't Basically, he was My husband was trying to explain. Hold on. My husband was trying to explain to him what was going on and he just kept talking over him. He was very rude. There was a record We do have a recording of it. But regardless, that that that's the least of my words at this point. We're just trying to figure out if there is a way to have our one year contract turned into a no contract because we're paying the same price as a no contract plan in the first place. We bought the phone straight out so we don't feel like it's really required to have a contract when we were told that it was but now finding out we don't have to have a contract. So we were misled from the beginning and we want to stay customers for sure because we have a business now that has a phone number with y'all. But I just want you to we're just not getting the customer service that we need to, like, fix this issue to make it variable, basically. So, for a contract Mhmm. For a contract to to from the contract, it's either you pay for the early termination fee or, is your company still up and running? Yes. Because the other option is we can file, letter dissolution. Meaning, if your company is closed, you can go, to the secretary of state and request for a letter of dissolution. The fuck would I call this one where he's off my phone? Could you get out of here? Could you get out? Okay. Yeah. No. No. No. No. Our company, we just literally just started the business, and we're that's why we're trying to figure out what's going on, like, as far as the phone number. Yes. Yeah. So if you don't get your goddamn ass out of here I'll I'll check every, every notes available here on your account. Okay. And I'll see if how can I help you out? So, basically, you want to get out of, the We were yes. Yes. Because, honestly, it's not the fact that we I mean, it it's it's not a bad idea to pay contracts. Hey, we get it every day customer. You know, we have we have to do that being business owners or just in general. Our cell phones are contract, all that. But it's the fact that we were misled from the beginning. We asked, you know, my husband spoke to the salesman who did this whole setup and he asked about a month to month plan. We purchased the phone straight out. We were not under renting it or anything. It's our phone that we bought when we started with this company. And so, obviously, a contract, in my opinion, would not be necessary anyway. If if we're not bound bounded by having a rental phone that is y'alls that, you know, we would need to send back if we decide to get out of, you know, having RingCentral. This is something that we bought. We purchased ourselves. So, obviously, a contract would not be necessary anyway, and we were misled a 100% on that. I I do understand you. Mhmm. So, yeah, there were, there there is a 7, dollar discount on the plan and on your digital unlimited plan every month. That's why there's a contract. Well, I mean, we don't even have to have a $7 discount. That we can we can we are fine with paying $54.99 with no contract if if that's available because we weren't told that we could even be under no contract. We didn't, like I said, we didn't run a phone from y'all. We bought it straight out. So therefore, there's no need to have a contract but the guy told us, you know. I understand. Mhmm. So, where is the problem with having a contract? You Well, because I I just want to understand. I just want to understand. Well, because we are Yeah. Okay. No. No. No. Totally fine. I can explain that. So we're a new business starting up. We I mean, we have several, you know, bills that that were we've accumulated by starting this business. Our our bills literally went from, you know, a couple thousand to 4,000, over $4,000. So we are trying to figure out a way to minimize bills and not be stuck in a contract for the for the if if this happens, we hope not. But I mean anything could happen. We we could lose our business. We could, you know, not it might not work out. We don't wanna be stuck in a contract with anyone that's not necessary because because in the long run, if we don't make it this whole year with you guys because our business does fail, then we don't wanna continue to have to pay and worry about lawsuits and, you know, just the unexpected. So that's why Okay. We're asking that. Yeah. So you want to okay. Thank you very much, Brandon. And I really want to understand. So Yeah. You don't want to get tied up with the the contract because, do you have intentions of downside I mean, downgrading the contract? You want to delete some of what you want? I mean, if the basically I mean, we're fine with what we are paying, the 50 or, you know, $54.99 plus the discount. But, no. I mean I mean, we're my husband yes. He would he would take a lower, a lower plan if offered and if it can be no contract. We're totally fine with that. We wanna stay with you guys. We we love the service. Y'all offer a great service. It's just that we we would prefer because we weren't told this at the beginning that we could be in no contract. That was that's the problem. So if we can if we can work with you and figure out how to get out of a contract that we were never told we could we, you know, couldn't do at the beginning. If we were told we couldn't have a con we didn't have to have a contract from beginning, this wouldn't be an issue, but we weren't. And then we find out, oh, you know, you don't have to have a contract and him pay $54.99. That came later, so that's what we're worried about. But, yes, I mean, whatever works, however we have to do it to be out of the contract would be great. So okay, Madeline. I, understand. I am very sorry that you are, upset about that situation. Yes. And I want to help you. Mhmm. So the the contract here is only one year. Mhmm. So it started last May. Lucky, you only have one year contract. But here on the contract, he though. The the guy that he spoke to on the phone when he signed the contract said, this is the only way you will get our service. This is the only way you can have this phone pay $80 for this phone. You get a discount. You have to have a one year contract. He never he Matt asked him several times about a prepaid plan because we were purchasing the phone straight out from you guys. That means we shouldn't be binded into a contract if that's the case. We're buying it from you. You don't own it anymore. We own the phone. So why get stuck in a contract whenever y'all offer no contract? So if the guy had said, hey, you know what? You're buying the phone outright. Here's you a no contract. Don't worry about it. You're not binding in with us. It's your phone. You can cancel at any time. We would have been perfectly fine, but the guy made it out like we had no other choice. So since we had no other choice, we went with it, but we're misled because we were like, well, you know, he didn't give us our our options at all. He didn't mention it. And then we spoke to someone else and then we find out, no. You could have no contract. Y'all do offer no contract, but we were not told that from the beginning. We thought we had to be in a contract. So it's very I will be, trying to look for a supervisor. All the managers are out there all in a meeting. Mhmm. If not, I'll have, my if my supervisor is not around, our ruling is a twenty four to thirty six hour callback. But since it's on in a weekend, probably it's gonna be on Monday or But, for, I'll put you on hold. I'll try to look for, an available supervisor. But before that, let me explain. You have a, for a moment, $21 discount on that contract. If you're not changing anything from from or downgrading and you're you you plan to stick with what you have, I would suggest that, it's nice that you have that discount, contract. We don't give that much discount Right. To a regular bill. I totally understand that. You have a good yeah. You have a good deal with the with the, with the contract. And besides, this is only a one year contract. You have, already started last May. It's already July, so it's just a few months. There's it's twenty four months. The reason why they want to get most of the customers who want to get out of the contract is because they want to remove some lines, and they cannot do that once they're inside the contract. That's why I'm asking you if You don't wanna remove. You don't wanna change plans. Do you? But, it seems that you don't want to delete anything you want to see. No. We we strictly yeah. We're fine. We're Oh, I've called. I mean Hold on. Hold on. We're fine with paying the $54.99 with no discounts. Uh-huh. We just don't wanna be locked into a contract given given if something happens to our business. We don't wanna be sued. We don't like the idea of yeah. Yeah. Of being misnared. Yes. Okay. For for a moment, Bandlyn, I'm, concerned about your frustration. So I'm gonna look for a supervisor if, if there's any available. Okay? And I'll get I'm gonna put them please don't hang up. Okay? And, she will be right with you, once, there's an available Okay. Supervisor will done to you. And my thing is I love their service. But their customer service Yes. It does suck, babe. But okay. I'm just confused, though. Now now that makes me fucking confused. You're getting you're only paying $33 a month? And being in a contract, you started in May, last May. I started this month. They she said last May. Well, babe, I didn't start until after I I know. That's why I was confused. I'm like, where's the bitch at? She said you only have a couple more months. I'm like, thinking, wait. Hold on. It's been a year then if you started last May, and it's already fucking past May. So it's been already a year. Anyways, okay. Last May would've been beyond I understand that. I know. That's why I was like, what the fuck is this bitch talking about? Okay. Well, if we only have a couple months, and then I was like, wait. My fuck. I mean So she's an idiot, clearly. But I mean, ultimately, at the end of the day, I wanna the main question I wanna answer is why would I be paying $55 a month and being under a one year term when I could be paying the $55 a month and not being under any term? See, the thing is, if they don't improve their customer service, I wanna be able to leave and take my numbers with me. I don't wanna feel like they're gonna be able to hold on. Numbers with you. Not from under contract. I understand that. They that's exactly her point. The reason why they don't wanna put people not under contract is because mainly the reason why you don't wanna be on contract is because you wanna take your numbers and move. Well, it's because they know that customer service is lacking and they don't wanna go in here. Well, we shouldn't have to call customer service every fucking day anyway to deal with these. Upstairs. So, I mean, ultimately, if they just fucking put us on a damn no contract, leave us a fucking long $54.99 a month, fucking be done with it. She talking about a one time $21 credit or is that every month? She's got every month. Every month? Yeah. I'll make them. Okay. And what I wanna do You're only on there a year. I know. No. Here's what I really ideally want. Okay? And I would be happy. And it's a win win for budget. I'll pay you more money. Okay? Listen. This is what I want. Okay. When she comes back on, this is what I was originally trying to get. My want, I'm not needing an extra user. Okay. It's all under the same login, but I want a second company number. And I've already got that number. It's all it's it's it'll take two to three days and it'll be on my account. I want to and it doesn't cost me anything extra for that. Where it would cost extra is having another direct line out even though that's me. I'm not needing somebody else to demand that. I just want a different number for a different aspect of my business. Okay? So they're wanting me to pay another $45 a month for that second one when I'm not utilizing anywhere near to what what, I could be on the premium plan. I'm not using this as a second user. I want them to know that it's the same login. It's just I wanna separate two different parts of my business and that's all they they don't tell them about KSA. Okay? Right. But I wanna separate two different parts of my business and I shouldn't have to pay another $45 a month just to have a direct line. And then I'm willing I'm willing to pay $5 a month for each of the two numbers. So an extra $10 a month. Okay? I'm willing to pay them $65 a month. I don't wanna pay them a $100 a month or whatever it would be. So if they can do that, if they can make if they can add, alright, make that that 888 number that I got. Mommy? I need that number and I want that 901 number that I talked about as a direct line and not to be viewed as a second line, as a second user. I mean, I'll pay for the number, the $5 a month and fall under the same twenty five hundred minutes a month Not viewed as a new user? Between both numbers. Okay? But I wanna be able to separate these two facets of my business and in turn, I'm buying two more numbers from them. Oh, you got two more. Because the $8.08 8, KSA for you, that's one. That's $5 a month. And then I don't wanna call out as an 888 number because people won't answer thinking they're scamming. So I wanna call out from a 901 number. That's my direct number. So, basically, when you hit extension 1, when you call the 888 number, it's gonna ring that extension, that 901 number. And when I dial out, I wanna dial out as a 901 number and not an 888 number. They offer to have multiple numbers on an account. Right? Is that what you're saying? Okay. But they wanna look at it on this standpoint of what I explained. They wanna look at a second is another user. As another line where they wanna charge me a whole another $45 a month. Basically, it's I'm having I'm adding a second user to my account. It's the same login. I'm wanting to not get anything extra other than to utilize my plan to its full potential by using two company numbers and two direct numbers that are tied to my same account. Not two logins. I'm gonna be manning both of them. I just need to separate these two facets of business and not be doing sales calls for one on one and sales calls for the other on the other. You know, like, on the same one. Does that make sense? So that's all I'm asking for. She can keep the $23 a month discount if she would just Hello, Meredith? Yes, ma'am. It's a bit of a new deal. Hi. Again, this is Mary. I'm sorry to keep you, on hold for for a bit long. Guys, I was able to discuss a lot of our system went straight up to our director. Okay. And I was, we don't, they don't do this at all, to remove a contract. But I was given a personal approval to remove it. So I'll be processing the whole Okay. Oh, man. I'm so sorry. Removing your Alright. Yeah. Oh, okay. So I am so sorry. I'm so sorry. Can we just hold on just one second? My husband just brought to my attention some other option because while you were on hold, I'm sorry. We were gonna I was gonna I should have asked you this. So he said willing if if if it's if you are if the company is willing to work with us on one other thing, he said he is willing to stay in contract, but we would like to add two numbers. Yeah. No. What Well, yeah. Let me explain. I'm sorry. Let me explain it so so that you better understand. Okay? I have two facets of my company, and I wanted to okay. I'm I'm paying $55 a month right now. If you look on my account, I've got a pending order. I ordered a new vanity number, an eight eight eight number. I'm gonna pay the $30 for it. I'm gonna pay the extra $5 a month. But that's gonna differentiate the other facet of my company. And what I because I was gonna set up another, auto attendant. Now that right there in itself doesn't doesn't impact anything, but here's where here's here's the here's the thing. Okay? I obviously when I'm making calls out, I don't wanna call out as an 888 number because people think it's spam. So I wanna call out from and I already found the 901 number in Memphis, Tennessee. I wanna I'll basically, if if if I'm calling out on that fast as a business, I want it to to, you know, be able to call out as a 901 number. Okay? And I'm not it's not a second user because I'm using the same login as me. Okay? I'm just it's just a way for me to, to to separate these two facets of the business. I'm paying you guys for two extra numbers, $5 a month for each number, the 888 number, and the 901 number. Okay? So that's an extra $10 a month. So that would bring my billing actually up $10 a month extra that I'm paying y'all as well as a one time $30 fee. So, I mean, y'all are coming ahead. I think this is a good deal right here. Okay? Because this is all I want. Okay? If if we can if if we can do this, I don't like I said, it's not another user. And you can and and and you can keep me on board as a long term client and making more money instead of having to cut my bill $25 a month just by letting me utilize my plan to its fullest potential. Because right now, I don't need to be on the premium plan. The only reason I'm on it is because I thought that it sounded pretty cool to be able to do a meeting, a RingCentral meeting for up to a 100 people. If I wanted to free if I wanted to advertise and get, you know, a 100 people in where I could group pitch them about my business, I thought that was a pretty cool feature. Okay? That's the only thing keeping me on the premium plan. Otherwise, I'm not using anywhere close to 2,500 messages a month or minutes. Okay. So I just I want to pay y'all extra to get these two extra numbers, and then we can all be satisfied. Or okay. I'm so sorry. My husband, he's he's spastic. Okay. So but if if need be, we can still do the no contract. That's fine if that's how it has to be. But whatever we just wanna resolve it to where we stay customers with with you guys because we enjoy the service, but also find the best resolution to either be no contract or find a better solution for the plan to be better for us to, like, utilize, basically. Yeah. I want my numbers. I'm I'm worried most about my numbers because I've spent everything branding my business with these numbers that I already have. Yeah. We're worried about the numbers being stuck, you know, and we want to stay with you guys. So, obviously, no contract would have been better. But now my husband's saying, well, now we need we do need two other numbers, and he's willing to, you know, pay for that and stay in contract. So I'm so sorry. But either way it goes, however you have to do it, no stress because I don't like the that's the last thing I wanna stress. You out, me out, come out. You know, we just wanna figure out an easiest way. I'm really just saying you don't have to discount my plan $23 a month. If you don't put me on no contract, great. Obviously, I don't want anything to happen with my numbers. So, I mean, I don't wanna have to go through the hassle of moving it. That right there in itself should be enough to ensure you that I wanna stay a customer. Yeah. We we don't wanna change that. We just don't wanna be locked into something if not has to be. You know? Yes. Okay. So, just to summarize everything from what, Matt has been trying to say and for you, Madeline. So, I've told you initially that we can now remove the contract. Right. And, are you agreeing that we if we remove the contract, you'll be on a regular payment from your bill. And, if you do agree with that, yes, we can add some more numbers. Okay. So Okay. Even with the contract, the only thing with the contract, you can add numbers, but you cannot delete. So I'm I'm giving you that, options right now. Okay. What is the price? What options are you gonna take? So basically finalize this. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. Can you give me price prices? We can we can we can, discuss this. You can take it over the weekend and discuss this on, on Monday. I'll give you my direct phone number. You can discuss this on, you can think it over. Well, I need my numbers now. Yeah. We yeah. Well, that that yeah. It's not gonna be a hard decision. I just we just mainly wanna know price range versus okay. So, like, if we say on contract yeah. Okay. Bear a moment. What do you want to add? So You see here that you have added, just today, a vanity number. What number do you still need to add? A vanity or a digital line? Yeah. I need that 8884 that I added today. I've got the $30 ready, and the sooner that y'all can provision that on so I can put that, on my website, the better. I know it said two to three days. I just don't know if there's any way to expedite that. If not The other thing is k. Yeah. The other thing is I have a 901 number. The last four digits are 0220. I believe it's, I've got the number written down upstairs in the office. But, if you type in 901 and the last four, is 0220, that is the the 901 number. I would like that to be my, I guess, you could say, extension number, for the company number where that could be my direct line out whenever I make a call. Okay. For a moment, I'll go and check your numbers. Okay. Daddy. Hey, buddy. Hey. Don't hold me. Is that the number? The (888) 578-3678? Do you have that number for your phone number? Is it? Wait. I can go get it real quick. I got it upstairs. Would it be 420? I want the watch No. It's none of those. Hold on. No. It's it was it's 0220. There's last four. Only one. She verified that. Daddy, I want to fix this. I want to fix this. I want to fix this. Hi. Oh, no. Hold on. Okay. Hold on. Hey, babe. What was it? Was it 9014200220? That's the right one. No. You have I'm wrong. Yeah. So that is why I, get the right information. Yes. 420-0220? Good information, ma'am. So, he has the number. We think it is 9 014200220? It was the only 901 number that had 0220 as the last four. The lady confirmed that. Yeah. So it hopefully, that's right. And I've actually got her name. She was very professional. I'd love if she could get commission like, if she could get credit. She was a great lady to talk to. Who was that? I've got her name written down up there on the desk. I can get that as well. But Well, I mean, they all Had a good experience with her. She actually had empathy and cared about This lady does too. She's very helpful. Lady does too. You're very helpful. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. For now, I can't see that number. Okay. 4220. So No. 0220. Okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. 0220? Yes, ma'am. That's okay. I'm still checking. Okay. Your active digitized, is, 268-1090. And it's 626662268 1090 and 6624950088. You're under the sanity numbers for enrollment. Mhmm. It's 8885724988. Hold on. Okay. For a moment. I'll put you on hold, Ben. Okay. I'll try and check. Okay? Okay. For a moment, please. Alright. Is it 887-3498? What's 988? Whose number was that? 4988. That's the last digits of somebody's number I know. No. It's not that. It's (888) 572-4968. She might have said that, babe. She might have she probably did say that. That was probably my my problem my fault. I'm sure she's right. I mean, sure. It's what she said. Can you just turn the grill on? I wanna make those hamburgers, see if they're fucking worth it then. Mhmm. Is it gonna be the same price or what? I don't know. Just checking. I believe she gets everything. How much were you thinking it was gonna be? Seems to be, like, a maximum, 65 before tax, a month. Okay. Like, I was not I was not, you know, willing to go up more than $10 a month, which is what is $5 a month per number. You know? I just don't wanna pay, like, I'm adding another user because it's not in another user. It's just basically it's me. It's just separating both facets, and it's using the same plan. If I run out of minutes, I run out of minutes. And, you know, now you're charging me for extra minutes. But, let me utilize my plan to the fullest. Will we get no contract and do this for the same person? And I'll have you then? Yes, ma'am. I'm still I'm still here. Yes, ma'am. Madeline, yes. The 9014200220 is not associated in your account. If you want, probably this number is, from another provider to port it in and make it a warranty number. So that can be used as a call out number instead of the main number. That's what she's saying. We've used this call number. Okay. But but but the reason here's what I'm wanting is I'm wanting the 800 number to be or the new 888 number. I wanna set up a second auto attendant on that 888 number to take calls in, and then I want to it should be able to route it to my 901 number, or for me to be able to call out as the 901 number. Yes. But the 901 number, we can do that. This is not, RingCentral phone number. This is not a RingCentral phone number. This is not associated in the system in your account. If you want I think no. I think, ma'am, I think you You can park it in. Okay. No. No. We've got the wrong number here. This was actually a actually a RingCentral number. It was on y'all's list, and then I have confirmation. I I thought I had to go back and listen to the the recording earlier, I will. But, the last four digits are zero two two zero. I may be wrong about that 420. It may be 440 or something, but if you type in 901 as the area code and then the suffix 0220, there is only one number that's with RingCentral and it's that number that I'm talking about. So I I apologize. The prefix may be incorrect, but it's a 901 area code, and it's 0220 as far as way yeah. Is there a way for you to check just just, like, on that, or would you have to have the the suffix or the, prefix? I'm sorry. I mean, she looked it up earlier. This lady I was talking to off of 0220. Can you go get it? Like, do do you have it recorded, like, where she said the number? It automatically records every conversation. Well, go here, and let's see what the number is. Okay. That's why the best option. He's gonna he's gonna double check to see what, I got a diaper.