Source: B32A6973-9C73-4AFC-9AA5-42D78A81A408
Drive file id: 1uRjTblo3CNw8CGrWn-L_kc4INLyDQLF2
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Hey, Ben. I was about to respond to you. I was on time. Hey. So we've given you everything that is allowed under a public records request, which are incident reports, and that's what you've been given. So the conversation that I had with mister O'Donnell yesterday at 04:00 where he said that he was sending Oh, from right behind you? This, I guess. It's already bad enough that that they're not producing a recorded phone call, which which I don't I don't believe recorded. I don't believe that for a second. Okay. I don't. I mean, if I call with the detectives right now on their phone, they're not recording. Crooked and corrupt as they can be. Okay. Okay. Well, that's all I've given you everything under a proper record. I understand that. I have to give you. Well, I guarantee a phone log, a call log, which Hey, honey. How are you? Good. I guarantee they have that, which, you know, it wouldn't be hard, which that'll you know, I'll I'll subpoena I'll stop subpoenaing that. Nothing else. But it won't be hard to show what phone number came into the sheriff's department at whatever time Jared Bundren received that call over there. So whether there's a recording or not, they're still identifying information. The county can lie and gaff it off all day if they want to. But at the end of the day, it's not gonna change the fact that they're not gonna be able to alter a call log phone log. And that's where they find themselves they're obstructing. It's sickening because they know that they framed me. They know that this is a political quid pro quo plot. I don't know anything about all that. All I know is what I've been told is that I don't have a phone call to give you. I've given you everything under the public records request we're allowed to give on you. I just I just talked to the county attorney yesterday. The phone with the county attorney. And what did he say? We've given him everything under the public records request that we're allowed to give. He he told me he was about to look over it, but was gonna send it over to you to get to me within the next thirty minutes to an hour. And now it's like, you know, if it was not the Tannehills, the county wouldn't be trying this hard to keep that person masked. They wouldn't do it for anybody else. Guarantee it. I don't know anything about who was involved with anything. I'm just telling you about your public records, Preston, what we've given you and what I'm allowing. A joke. I don't and I've not been given anything else to to even discuss with you about it. I don't I don't know what any other documents might be that would not be considered incident reports that they, you know, can't give or what. Have you ever heard trickle down corruption? Mhmm. Yeah. And that's the problem that this city finds the city and county finds itself in. There are a lot of most of the officers at the sheriff's department, great people, great officers. The problem is the corrupt leadership. Everybody's got somebody above them that's twisting their wrist. I apologize. You probably got somebody twisting your wrist. You may wanna do the right thing, but somebody's twisting your wrist. And that's what's what that's what's unfortunate is it pins people in an awkward position. That's all I know to tell you, so I'm sorry. This is this is unbelievable. Unbelievable. Alright. Well, I'm holding a press conference. Okay. Thank you. Good. Go ahead.