Source: B2F51BBE-181F-465E-A319-A4C1F513BED9
Drive file id: 1wENjE_DqZD9-ejgM1uRiW3fwfjhsvACI
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

And, I said, what's going on there? And I was just trying to fill her out to figure out how I could slip in there. And she was like I said, Peter came and told me that when you were talking to Madelyn, you told her that, she's out of the office, but, but Matt Reardon couldn't come up to the office. I said, is there I said, is there is there an issue? Did something happen that I don't know about? You know? Like, did something happen today while I wasn't there just trying to fill out the situation? And she was like, oh, no. No. Nothing like that. She just, she's like, I just he he just told me to be coming up there. And I said, well, I said, Cindy, here's the thing. I said, he works for me. And she was like, shoot. He's been working for me, and he's damn good at what he does. He's an integral part of this team and everything. And she's like, well, is is he up there at the office? And I was like, yeah. He's in the second office. Yeah. And she was like, oh, fuck no. Fuck no. He can't be up there. And I was like, well, what happened? And she was just like, well, he threatened he he she said something like, I had to ban him from hottytoddy.com Right. And blah blah blah. And she said she didn't wanna get into all of the details or whatever, but she was like, for her own reasons, she she was like, he can't be up there. She said, I'm so sorry if it causes a strain on your business or anything. She said that this is this is Personal? This is for security purposes. He can't be on the premises before they say that. She never said anything about hottietoddy. I declined an interview with hottietoddy.com. They reached out to me for an interview, and I said, I don't I I don't give interviews to fake news, you know. And and that was that. That's why she being you, of course, obviously. But she does she retell you she gave you? No. She was like she was like, when I asked her, I said, yeah. Kendra told me that you had told Madeline that Matt can't be up here. And she was like, yeah. But, she said, she's like, but she said they were getting divorced. And she was like, are she's like, so if he works there, then how and then she started putting two and two together. I'm like, Matt works for me. And they moved back to Oxford, and she needs a place to work from. And they figured since he's working here with me, she could just work right back over there, and she could do her job. He can do his job, and that'll be that. And she was like, well, she said they were getting divorced. I said No. I told her we were separated at the moment. Remember that? Well, I told her, I said, first of all, neither of them can afford a divorce attorney right now. Plus, they're trying to be civil because there's a child involved. I've been they and they just lost their home. So they're trying to stuck with each other right now. So for all rights and purposes, they they're separated, I guess, but they're stuck with each other for the situation or whatever. And she was like, well, he can't come up there, and I feel like she, like, betrayed me. So I'm just gonna put her $200 underneath your office door. And if you don't mind, give it back to her because I don't want her there now because I'm putting it to her together, and he's up there. They just can't this can't happen. I'm gonna I'm gonna follow a law I'm gonna follow a lawsuit for torsion tortious interference. That's tortious interference. Matthew. That is tortious interference. But listen. I'm Do this. Just wait. It's not what Because I've already paid her a thousand dollars, so we have to stay in that office for for the next four weeks. So But when we pull out of there, absolutely. Absolutely. Well, what am I supposed to do for work? Well, can you not work? You can still work from home, bro. Don't dude, I don't have I don't have any work. Yes. You can. You can work from mama's house in, Papa's off, like, room. This room that I worked in. Where are you gonna work? I'm not gonna be working for the next couple of weeks. I don't start till the end of the month now because I moved it back. Remember? Because of all Hey. You know what? You know what? That could be another reason you extend your unemployment. That's right. Yeah. Proof is through through, you know, her. You rented an office. Yeah. And then because of your I mean, that's two different forms of employment that she just fucked up. Like, literally She she even just said, she said, shit. What did she say? Fuck. I wanna hear her explain the whole banning me from Hottie Toddy. That's crazy. Like that. I mean, obviously, like, I mean, I know you can She was like, I had the banning from Hottie Toddy. He got banned from Oxford for a few years. I said, I know all of that. I said, but Cindy, at the end of the day, I said, I my relationship with him, I met him through work. And during the time that I knew him through his work performance, I said he's really fucking good at what he does. I said all of his personal bullshit aside, I said the kid's a good worker, and he brings a lot to my table. And she was like, well, he just can't be there, and I'm so sorry. And I said I said, don't worry about it. He can work from his home. I said, I'm not gonna fire him over y'all y'all's problems or anything, you know. Unless it's there's a little bit of a hindrance. So I said, but I'm sure we can handle it. But she doesn't understand that Now she's we were already talking about getting out of that office because we can't afford it. Not with there just being me and her working. There you know, with all of our if you were gonna be there, I was gonna be like, okay. We can go ahead and sign a lease. Make her make her reimburse you. Or did y'all did y'all sign a lease, though? Yeah. I mean, here's the thing, Charlie Charlie. There's nothing okay. Y'all didn't sign a lease? So she was trying to She she literally worked up a very comprehensive lease to find out financial information on us as well as the address. Oh, god. And and, I mean, I was what I was gonna say is if she, now it should be up to the business. Okay? It shouldn't be up to her unless she actually has it in the paperwork and, in the lease that a certain person cannot come up there. Other than that, it should be up to the business that is renting to actually she can't make that fucking decision. She does need to do that. She needs to put in every lease that that weirdly do not be up there. Anytime, get a restraining order on you at all? No. And here's the and here's the crazy here's the crazy part. Here's the crazy part. Yeah. She I had to block her on social media. It was hottietoddy.com that reached out to me for an interview, and I declined it. They she acts like hottietoddy.com is like a Walmart or Kroger where their doors are open to the public. No. It's not a like a swinging door. They wanted an interview from me, and I said no. In fact, it even says it in their article. We reached out to Reardon for a response, and we have not heard anything back. And then I responded by saying, I'm not gonna give you a response. You know, that's my response. Hottietoddy.com. Man on man. So I mean, tell me tell me how that's tell me how that's tell me how that's banning me from hottytoddy.com. I mean, who she is. Yeah. And that's what Like, literally, that's that is tortious. Like and and look, Charlie, the only way that this nonsense is gonna stop because these people feel so entitled. The only way this nonsense is gonna stop is if somebody fucking gets their ass sued into the damn dirt. And what that was was defamation to character and tortious interference, interfering in business. Yeah. And and, I mean, would you agree is that tortious interference to you? Yes. Yes. To a degree, yeah. It's, I'm not trying to think how we can. Harming a business relationship. Yeah. But regardless, you know? Yeah. Technically. I mean, if she never pulled out a, if she never put a, restraining order on you to her like that. Yeah. There's no legal documents that say that you have to stay within a certain distance. She was just talking shit to you on Facebook. Yeah. She's she was, like, literally super trolling me. I mean, to end up on my block list, you have to be a fucking super troll because otherwise, I'm just gonna laugh and, you know, just play into it. Like, you literally you literally have to stalk me and fucking super troll everything for me to hit the block button. And that was what she was and that was what she was doing. And that's why was stalking me. And then you walked there, and y'all didn't have any other conversations outside of that. Right? Y'all didn't have conversation really, did you, before you did? Yeah. These are the tactics of these people, man, and it's not fair at all. That's right. This is it's the same people that frame me. Here's what we do. We just get you set up to where you can work from your house. Good thing you have that mobile hotspot because that means you're you're mobile. You can move around. Dude, sorry to god. If I had enough for a camper, I would put a camper outside that motherfucking office and let you be in be like, well, that's his office right there. Yeah. But then she would say but then she would say that that I was still on the property. No. That would go right outside the swear to god. Right where the line meets. If it was right there. Oh, yeah. Well, the thing is that she didn't realize that we already have one put out the door because, I mean, it's not that we can't afford the thousand dollars. It's just why? Why afford the thousand dollars a month when it should be probably found something cheaper, to be honest. A full bill like a building or something. Who knows? Hey. Hey. Is there Hey. Hey. This is what you need to do. And you need to record the phone call. You need to tell her that look. You know, since since I was an integral part of the business and Wait. Because you didn't know that you're gonna leave me. I would tell I would tell her, look, I was an integral part of the business. That's why I I came down to work that if they're gonna, that if she's actually gonna pull that and there's nothing in writing upfront about it, you paid for a month that that we should be able to work out of the either I work there, you know, in the office through the end of the month, and then we leave and find another office, or she needs to refund you the balance of the rest of the month. Okay? Because because she can't have her cake and eat it too. She can't she can't she can't she can't make me leave and then and then just take your freaking money. Horrible business decision to cause waves at this point because we are literally scrounging trying to get back up. Luckily, we got enough money in the account to cover all the money we owe clients, plus a little bit more. But now we have to stack on to that so that we have some sort of revenue that's ours. Because holy shit. Luckily, I got a thousand dollars in the mail today that was but it's all our money. So thank God for that. Alright. I'm gonna flood I'm gonna send a fucking mass email out. I'm gonna get it out to I've already got a cleaned okay. So when I say clean, I've already run these emails through a cleaner to make sure that any bad emails that actually pulled out. But I've got I've got over 30,000 cleaned emails in a text file. Breyer Get this. Get this, bro. Three files. Colby has been working from his house for the last two to three months. And, and I I'm I literally cut him checks down there every week. I mean, he's making good money. Mhmm. And he's doing it right at his house. And unlike me see, here's my thing. If I'm working for my home, bro, I get so much more work done because I secured his light up my cigarettes. Right here is my fucking computer. I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do because this is the way that she is. This is the way because she's running her mouth like crazy. She's running her mouth like crazy that I'm back right now. I guarantee it. Because I actually called this stuff in advance. The only way because she's gonna she's gonna do everything possible to make sure no matter where we try to go that I can't get an office. No. No. Nope. That's how she is. That's how this bitch is. I'm telling you. Please trust me. Know, though? How would she know that you're going to Because, because these people are connected. She I mean, she she'll talk to the people that she knows. So I'm going to connected to the mayor? Yes. They're best friends. They're best friends. Okay. Oh, now the plot's ticking. Yeah. She talked to the guy. God, dude. Yeah. She told me that today. So we're not talking about just somebody that you brushed the wrong way. No. This is that she gets friends with the pair. She said, well, you don't threaten people. That's what she told me earlier. She was like, well, you don't threaten people. Let's talk about Matt. And I was and she said that yeah. I don't know. He she said, those, the Tana Hills, I'm good friends with. And and the only threat that I actually issued to the Tana Hills was the corruption that I knew about. And and and, you know threat you were just saying fucking tell or Exactly. Hey, if you go hey, on the homepage of writingwiththeoutlaw.com, there is now the, restraining order and the affidavit that was written and signed by Robin Tannehill. The the vault, the files list keeps getting bigger and bigger on there that can be downloaded. Point is. Yeah. What, here's what we do. Here's what we do, bro. I sue it. Ignore all ignore all of this. Let's just get to it and start making some money. I'm a file lawsuit. When me Kendra pull out of there, don't start no shit for me right now. Just do that for me as a favor. Let me pull out of there first. And then if you do that, I'll help you because that really pisses me off because I literally just fucking put that goddamn office together. This was a good thing. I was like, dude, I feel like we're back to old times. You know, like, you're you're squeezed financially. You need to be Kaiser, Swartz, and Associates. You need to talk to Tom and tell Tom, I wanna meet with and Associates. You need to talk to Tom and tell Tom I wanna meet with him about the stuff with Will. He said Charlie. Charlie. $800 a month. Office for rent. Look, Matt. It's got two large offices and two small offices. It's private. It's it's a building. It's like a private building. Law Group or no. That's Something beside it. That's right next to Jacob Law Group. Vantage. It's called Vantage, where it was. Oh oh, that little building? The Oxford Loop. But it's got two large offices and two small offices. But It's probably literally right next door to Jacob Law. It is. That's what it is. And the police is negotiable. Yeah. It's available now. It's available now for 800 a month. Dude. Dude, stay in that contact. We need to go look at that place. Hey. What I was saying, man, you know, you're you're squeezed financially. This hurts you. Okay? You ought to talk to Tom and tell him I wanna talk to him about well, I'm I'm gonna go and have you know? I'm a I'm a go over there, and I'm gonna That's what we call. Talk to him about something big that that can really stack on. Hold on. Hold on, babe. I'm trying to send this information for Charlie real quickly. Charlie, what what's okay. You may put I'll put your name. Every time my phone say something. Kaiser. I don't know how to spell it. K. Hey. How do I spell it? K I, z e r K I z e r. Dash s c h I'm a mute the car because I'm about to whistle loud. Tz.com. And then the phone number Wait. What are you talking about? I'm putting his information Kaiser Swartz and Associates. I thought you were talking about the email. I did. My email is charlie@kiser-warts.com. Okay. And then there's phone number. Alright. Never mind. Go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah. I was just oh, I You're good. Go ahead, babe. Charlie, apparently, I'm gonna have to talk to you whenever I'm out of the vehicle and all that. It's just anytime I try to say anything about this Get out, though. Who's who's who's who's What I was saying is Well, listen. We'll go we'll go look at that, and what we'll do is we'll just stay here for the next four weeks. Go look at that apart. Go look at that office, like, this week or soon as we can. Okay. And then if someone you know, we can we can squeeze in there for 800 and fuck. That's great. It is. And seriously, join in with me on this. What we need to do. Torsha's in a parachute. When you when we get out of there or whatever, here's how this grows even better. One, it costs you your job, and two, it cost me my business because I was forced to have to fire an employee, and that was all it we couldn't we couldn't, bounce back from it. What, baby? And then whenever yours if you usually go through with the suit, then, I'll just find you, like, out there. I'll be like, yeah. She's telling me that he couldn't be in the Hey. What you need to do, Charlie, you need to get one more phone call with her and actually say, you know, I just wanted I just wanted and and make sure you're recording it and say, look. I just I I just wanna make sure. I mean, like, this is an he's an integral part of our business. It's squeezing us. You know, he moved he moved down here, you know, to help me with this. And and is, like, are you are you sure that that we can't continue the way that we have for, you know, the past week? Yeah. And basically, get her saying that because because otherwise, she her attorney's gonna argue, you know, just hearsay. You need to get her saying that. No. She probably would say, yeah, I said it. No. Because I'm telling you, I'm the owner of Kaiser Sports. If they asked me why I had to let you go, I'll tell them straight up. She told me that he was dangerous. That they they got kicked out of hottietoddy.com? Which is untrue. That you were banned from hottietoddy.com. Because she even told me she was like, let me talk to my husband, and I'll call you right back. And I was like, okay. I hung the phone up, walked into the living room, told Kendra what she said. And then before I even get those words out, my phone rang again. I came back here to the back room. It was her. So she literally just said, honey, you ain't gonna believe this. Blah blah blah blah blah. He says, oh, fuck. No. She says, that's what I thought too. And then she calls me right back. Yeah. That's exactly what happened. I was gonna say, she probably said, oh, fuck. The amount of time that she has. Yeah. She he said one she said one word and then yeah. Well, just know that I've got I'm gonna have Maddie's money underneath, the door. Well, we can well, oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're not. Well, I gotta come up there and get my stuff then. Yeah. Yeah. I already told her. I was like, well, I said, just understand that he's got stuff in his office. He'll have to come up there and get his stuff tomorrow. She's like, yeah. That's fine. That's fine. Like, she said, I've got she's like, I'm not trying to start anything. She's like, but just based on our history, it's just better that he's just not be on our property. Totally. Totally. I mean, business the case. But but business should be business until that line is crossed. Well, and and, unfortunately, she's not really But here's the thing. If she has the mare in her pocket Yeah. It's never gonna work out. See how they could put you can see how they could put my business in a really fucking bed. Now It's not supposed to get away from leave her business and get away from them, and then you file a suit against her for that reason, I've got absolutely no reason on that statement and say, yeah. In fact, he was truly trying to help us get out of this rut and literally out of the and and get out of the rut that he was in with his family of four. Right. Yeah. We called him. You know, within less than a week. He was there for less than a week, and then I found out there was issues. I called her, asked what was up. She said he was not allowed on the premises. So I didn't know that she had a restraining order against him. Oh, she doesn't have a restraining order? You mean to tell me she maybe fired an employee that she didn't have restraining order against? That's weird. I bet you she goes to try to get one. And you know what? The way that this town works because of the mayor, they would give her one on no grounds. And I would go to court, and I would have a freaking heyday. I would I would, you know, I'd get mad as fuck, and it wouldn't matter. Yeah. I just know I don't need to be attached to those type of people in any shape, form, or fashion when the shit goes down. So let me Oh, yeah. There's there's gonna be so many detach. Hey. Hey. Just imagine a tub full of swamp monsters, and then I freaking yank the drain on it. The the drain plug. Okay? I'm about to drain the swamp. This. Just notice. We all started working from our homes when we first started doing this business. Remember, I even told you that whenever we first talked when I first opened this business. I said, we're all working from home, so you're gonna have to work from home. And then we literally just got that office, like, maybe four months ago, maybe five months ago. And for the last two months, me and Kendra have been the only people in it. For the first month, it was just a bunch of total horseshit, and nobody was doing their jobs in there. Within two weeks of our first month of being in there, two of them, Keith and Ashley, get kicked out. Now they can't be in the building. Now it's just me and Colby. So then I have to bring in, Damien, and I brought in my niece. And then, both of them didn't work out. Well, Damien, because of the COVID nineteen and my niece, she worked for two and a half days, took $500 that I