Source: A2761EB9-AFF6-4464-BB00-E138BC8F099C
Drive file id: 1LLrUNxWwDwWrfl4q--tXF7uh4lhnvrle
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

For the $2.12 65. That's what we're able to do on that bill. Okay. Yeah. They sent a notice to I just came home last night. Yeah. You'll get the notice until they actually receive that check-in about four to six weeks, but you're not responsible, and I'll let it print it off here. You're not responsible for the $2.12 65. Okay. But those notices are automatic until they receive our check. They have a partnership with us, and they won't turn you off for that amount. Okay. Okay. And they said it was, like, 3 they said they said I already paid them, like, the $2.12 65 already, and they sent another notice. They said it was due on, like, the fourteenth, I think it was. Okay. And they said that it was a final notice that if it it wasn't paid by the twenty second that they were disconnecting, which is tomorrow early. But now, you'll get that disconnect notice, but anything over the $2.12, you're responsible for. Okay. So I guess I need to call them because I don't I've never heard of, like, eight days after the past due. Get a a past due and then they turn it off. Because I thought I thought you had, like, a month or something like that. Some places, like Tupelo was that Tupelo or in line? You only get five days. Okay. And then they'll turn it off. And if it stays off longer than ten days, you have to pay a deposit. Okay. It's ten or seven days. So but that's yours to take. Okay. Thank you so much. You're welcome. And, so that's so, going forward, I I serve. Okay. Yeah. Sounds good. It's just it's been she's still up there at LaVonter, and, you know, we're it's it's basically doubling this up on everything. Yeah. And then, hopefully, we're hoping to get her home this weekend. We got a twenty four hour stay up when we can, make sure that everything's fine. But then, when it's back to to normal and getting caught up from Okay. Alright. Well, I appreciate it. Thank you.