Source: 2E847511-FE46-499E-96DF-5726B80EC29C
Drive file id: 19pRL23yuVb09prmqwTaUiU4id4xQx78n
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Well, I am, the prices. We got a baby in the bar. Mhmm. We came back last night. She's going on Christmas day. A barter. Mhmm. We came back last night. It's a more on Christmas day. It's doubled with some expenses. Hadn't been home all month and, got I had Lyft actually. I need to pay the $2.04 65. I already wrote a check for that I've been cleared, but I have a, I got a notice actually that $3.50 something was due by tomorrow morning or it was getting disconnected. It was passed on, like, the fourteenth or the fifteenth or something like that this month, which I'm surprised it would get disconnected so soon. And I wanna make sure that, it's not gonna get turned off and it's actually important. So they sent over approval. I I bet you so you're still gonna get disconnection notices because it takes them a little while to pay. I just wanna make sure that that the remainder Yeah. That you turned off and see if I can get you know, if it is if that does have to be paid by tomorrow morning, if I can get an extension on that, some kind of arrangement. We've been literally upside down. I wonder where they got that amount from. What? That $2.12? Because I don't see a bill. They're not paying a whole bill, I guess, or something. I don't Yeah. I think what was the last check today? You paid $2.13? Yeah. Yeah. And it was $2.12 65, and I just rounded up $2.13 on that check. That was what was the, disconnect amount that I had to pay. Okay. Let me see. Let's see. Oh, I think that's probably on your December bill, I guess. That's what yeah. Okay. This is 5 something So yeah. So you owe your January bill. Okay. I see now. I that's for December, so that makes sense now. So you haven't used an extension. You do get one a year. You're not cut off yet, are you? You know? I think you can. Yeah. They're I think you can. April, would you wanna do this extension? So what I mean, as far as they get they're single get one a year. Yeah. No. He would get he wouldn't be eligible for another one till next year in January. Hey. You're Matthew? Yes. My, we've got a baby at the bottom. We haven't been home all month. Okay. And, and so I just came in last night to check on some things and lived to her at age of twelve sixty five, which I've already checked for two thirteen thirteen this month, to keep everything from getting disconnected. Mhmm. And so I was hoping, you know, I don't I hate to use my one extension for a year if I only get one. Yeah. No. The remainder okay. They've agreed to pay two That did go to, what do you say that last year? We had to December Beals. Yeah. That would have been on the actually get you scheduled tomorrow morning? Tomorrow fixed last night. Yeah. You would have all day tomorrow to get it in. When will you pay the one with the first? What's the difference gonna be? Let's see here. They were upside down right now. We've been told. We've kept the stay in Memphis for a month. And I feel like we're having any kind of, like, hardship. I hate using these things right here. I may have to get you to put this in the yeah. The the okay. These things always $3.49 82, and this is paying $2.12 65. $1.37 17. Mhmm. I'm hoping this I mean, everything should be a lot better. By next week, it I mean, if I could say, get a trickling direct deposit, Well, without using your extension, I can guarantee that you would be fine through tomorrow all day. You know, if you wanna say about how it would be Monday, you're welcome to do that. Okay. Guess I wouldn't be able to get another extension. Once we do one, we're not allowed to do that, like, twelve months. Really? Mhmm. Now what, what does that extend like at this point? Only as far as I could get with it would be until, I think be on Monday, February 10, and then your other bill's due the eleventh. Well, we are not allowed anybody to get two months behind. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay.