Source: BCD404B7-D44B-428E-9868-144DDA7CEFDE
Drive file id: 1aeZ2a3BRuP6lzZCVr9ApeUFH3kHgPJjV
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

This is this is Matt Reardon. Okay. And I spoke with him yesterday about 04:00. He informed me that, a request that I've been waiting on that the county has been just gapping off, for for about a month now, that that it was sent to the county administrator. It's being sent to her, right then, and that she would get that to me within thirty minutes to an hour, which she did not. And then I just followed up with her with an email, and I was actually about to go inside. I just got a response from her saying that they've given me everything, and that's incorrect. Because per mister O'Donnell, this document that I've been I've been waiting on that I I need because literally Friday, my statute of limitations runs out. So I'm gonna have to just file a lawsuit and subpoena it, because the county has not been forthcoming with this, and and he just told me yesterday that this was sent to the county administrator. Okay. I do understand what you're saying. So I'll be able to pay it till he is still on the line. I but if he just got on maybe two minutes before you call, can he call you back next to your number? Do you want him to call you back, or do you want me just to relay what you told me? I mean, I'm I'm over at the Chantry Building right now. Okay. Let me get your number, and I'm gonna email him. And so it'll pop up while we create it while he's on the phone as well. So, tell me the best way for him to reach you. Is the system disc eight one two sixteen thirteen? Yes, ma'am. Okay. 216. I'm gonna go on and email him your number and what he said is what's going on and where you are and maybe maybe what he's talking about. I don't know. But he at least can get back to you and said if he gets solved. Okay. Whenever I'm done calling you down on my line. Is that okay? That sounds good. Call. If not, you can just call back. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye bye.