Source: A68F010B-FAE6-4ABB-A663-2F776B74C994
Drive file id: 18lwAhGhyNz3MtIi_xkb8pFrrsLtRt4eQ
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

General manager. I mean so we got we got If I could get him on the phone to do to run this place, man? Dude, I did. I haven't had air conditioner in my house for two months. Got three kids, my wife. The new owners of the house came in a few months ago, bought the place. Air conditioning went out two months ago. They refused to fix it. So the water's all we had. Didn't know anything about Will it. They come back they gonna come back and cut it down? Okay. I've heard that twice before, and they never came out the same day. They came out the next day. So they, the very first time they get a little power and where they can actually throw throw a little authority around, soon as they say, okay. They can cut your stuff off now. They come out there and cut you off. I ain't had no assistance. He was bragging, saying they had four or five crews that they brought in to What's the name and the telephone number? K. What what name is yours under? Under Reardon. Did y'all get it hear anything back from him on on pushing the $50 reconnection fee the next month? I haven't heard anything. All we've done is just work taking up money today, so I don't know about anything else. Are you gonna pay yours? Or Yeah. Okay. I guess I got to. I mean, I've got a wife and kids that need water. It's a power trip. Yeah. They, fucking greedy motherfucker. He is. He's a fucking greedy motherfucker. It's $1.94 11. It's fucking bullshit. I wish is Tommy here right now? Yeah. Let me speak to him. Tommy. Fuck yeah. You're. Well, hopefully, he's on the phone with the board of Alderman. I hope he's on the phone. But yours is one minute for my wife. Would you What is that gonna I mean, if I can save the 50 I need to make sure that my water gets turned back on today. He's out there now cutting water down with people to take care of you. This is this is like the mob. Like, straight up mob tactics. Y'all were state ordered. Y'all were state ordered not to do disconnects in the first day. The first day. Are you gonna pay? Yes. I'm gonna pay. It's just no. It's just I mean, y'all deserve to get the ass chewing about this that that's coming. I mean, it's ridiculous. It's heartless. There's no human decency. They shut they shut mine off, and I have had no assistance from anything because I'm self employed. And I finally today, I get a $1,200 check. They cut my power. I didn't even I didn't even get that. That's the thing. Yeah. They cut mine off today. Power and water, bro. And that's the first assistance I've had. Yeah. The owner of my house that that just bought the house is one of the people on the fucking floor too. I just realized that. Hello? Okay. I'm Matt Reardon. We spoke on the phone earlier. Did you hear back from the board? I'll see what I mean. Did you hear back from the board? Yeah. They're not. They're sticking with their power. They're sticking so y'all wanna y'all wanna keep the mob tactics up. This is how you this is how you treat a citizen. We got the other such things you can pay or go on. So that's that's your that's your that's what you gotta say. The board's gonna stay where they're at. They're not giving in on nothing. You're gonna make light of going and turning off as many properties as possible, saying you got four or five crews coming in or that were here. You were drenched in water from doing disconnects. How how disgusting could you be, Tommy? Sir, that was just winded last year. That's over here. Is my water getting turned back on today? Did you pay your bill? I got it right here. Not unless you pay your bill. I wanna make sure it's gonna get turned on today. Yeah. Sometimes today, you'll be young. Sometimes? What is what could that be? No. No. But you sure got out there right first hit? Did what? Really? What? You're just gonna walk off on me like that? I'm gonna get You turned off my fucking water, Tommy. You you talk you disrespected me on the damn phone. You ain't paid two bills. Man, fuck you. You little punk? Dude, what now? Really? Tell me. You call me a punk. This you remove? Mhmm. What a thought. I ain't gonna I ain't I ain't about to get a fucking assault assault charge, you fucking bitch ass. I'm sorry for this, sir. I don't know. I gotta read Let me get a receipt. Oh, I should have. You rested so bad, bro. You wanna have hey. You know what? I did have you picked up so you can get out of Oh, I know you would. I didn't have the only car right now, and my wife wasn't back at the house. Alright. I'll, you said they're out there? Or or who's Well, he we're texting them now to let you know that you're paying. So they're out now turning the water back home. Alright.