Source: D768792C-FA91-49D0-81DA-DFEB3001D5DC
Drive file id: 1omjYXH5SgydG1XpbhbDmIZ6dtdpo93DJ
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Hey. What's up? There's your stuff, but, I need to know exactly what was said, what happened with the other person who lives here. Yeah. You called this morning? Yeah. No one you never came by here? I did not come by. She called actually, like, three times on the phone to me and my wife. I called back. I wanna realize the number was the same, and they called my wife also. That was you, Paul. And she said that, that my driver's license was up here, which I've been looking for my license. I figured it was maybe in my car. I cleaned that out last night to clean my wife's car out. And then I looked at my email, and I saw in my email that I had a, refund that I wanted to use some change that was, it said, it said, here's your refund or something like that. It was it was processed out today. So I called back up. I spoke to the gentleman up here, and he said, The gentleman up here? Yeah. He's he's he's an older guy. He's an older guy. He's an older guy. He's a older guy. He's a few years ago. He's he's some other guy. Black or white? Sounded white. Sounded white. He didn't say his name is John. I'm John, and then I got another guy named John. I don't know. Okay. That's cool. Alright. Brilliant. If it was on my RingCentral, don't mind. That's cool. But yeah. So, then I called her, and I spoke to her. And she said, I called up here, and it was originally, it was I needed to come up here Saturday to get my license because it was locked away in the safe. So the the manager was not here, and they'll need to come up here because my license is in the safe, and they had no access to the safe until the manager came in and said, which I thought which I thought was extremely And it was unsafe. It was underneath the counter, which I I told, one of my closers to call you to let you know that you because I noticed not long after you had left, and I meant to call you myself. Sure. But I I I forgot. I got busy and, you know, how it is. But, but but, anyway And then she said, she said that whenever I spoke to her again about the the refund because she was gonna get her on the phone. Whenever I said I I said I spoke to a lady earlier, and she said that my license is even safe. And, and he he said that I'm certain you've already been paid out. I said, no. I've been. Yeah. That was that was me. Yeah. We spoke to. And so then because that's that's against protocol too. Yeah. And, yeah. Well, she came and she long story short, she came back up here Yeah. And magically got $40 show up. Yeah. So I just needed to know. And if I need to, would you be able to repeat that? Yeah. Absolutely. I would. Yeah. I I I can't stand this on, you know, this it it it'll it'll make Oh, this is next week. Going forward that you know? I figured probably that would work with the case worse, which is the sound of real, real. Yeah. And if it wasn't safe, it kinda was in a rock and and a hard place because, my business is going on down there. There's some sign that are falling behind with everything going on, and my platform got shut off. They're supposed to work with me on on, hardship military. So, I got a a hotspot device through AT and T, and they very, very, very, very, very charging, and I decided I was gonna pay it back. But today is the last day before the thirty day race. And I don't wanna be locked in for a year, you know, paying for this device and and, the expensive plan. So I was taking it back actually just a little while ago. She said we have to have a license to or to pull up your account. And I was like, oh god. Maybe you'll still have time, you hurry, which where about C Spire? Well, I've got because I I've got two hotspots through C Spire. Where I live, you can't get dependable Internet access. And I get 50 gigs a month on each one of them before they throw it away. Right. And, I'm paying $30 a month plus $5 for each device. I can give you something better. That's the reason why I'm bringing that up there. I'm bringing that back up there. I actually have what's called the Superman plan. Okay? I I call it the Superman plan. It is a it's it's basically an enterprise plan to AT and T, grandfathered in. And what I do is, take a working IMEI number that's best positioned for, that type of thing right here. I pair it with a with a SIM. Okay? This will be a new SIM. Yep. And it's on the data connect plan. $35 a month unlimited. And when I say unlimited, I ran Truly unlimited. I ran 675 gigs last month. It was one hotspot. Okay? If you I don't know what hotspot device you have, you get a five if you get a Google, a two point four and five gig, five gig is where, obviously, it's fastest. It puts out the process. It is not correct. So I was actually averaging between 60 to 80 megs a second download speeds and upload speeds around 15 megs a second. Same thing as you. I didn't see there is about 26. But that's also part due where I live. But AT and T's fine. Have better towers, aren't they? No. It's C's fine. Where I live, AT and T sucks ass. Okay. There's one spot in my yard that you can if you got a phone Yeah. Where you can actually get reception. Let alone data Right. But actual reception. C Spire is the only place where I live that you can get decent connect. When I moved there, I had Verizon. Verizon and C Spire work on the same type type of network. Matter of fact, if you don't have there's not a Seaspire tire nearby, it'll piggyback on Verizon. But, when I moved out there, I had Verizon, and there wasn't a close Verizon tower nearby. Verizon is not the other way around. They won't piggyback off of the ceasefire apparently. Right. Right. So the only way I could get service is if I was on the outer edge of my house. Gotcha. Then I was just to talk. But one thing to think about, you know, they they have the so with the devices, like, my my hotspot device, it's got the little plug in to the bottom where you can plug in the container that actually brings in the signal. So you can actually write, like, a signal booster. Yeah. I know what you're talking Yeah. I know what you're talking about. I which I've seen This is t s nine. Heaters essentially. Yeah. But they're it's got they're like 4 or $500 for four g. You can get on Amazon. There there's a t s nine cap, like a 10. It's got a lot of hot spots that had these two round holes in the bottom. I'm not I I've seen it now. No. I with the ones with Seaspard or at least the ones that I have. Yeah. Thank you. I don't know if Seaspard offers any other type of hotspot or not. What I did have is, my brother, he's pretty smart with the He, had it he he had an old Nexus router that he converted into computers. Yeah. Yeah. I was able to hook up to, you know, the hotspot to hit and then use it to To repeat the signal. That's what I've done in my house. It's telling me I'm paying I was paying $80 a month. That's why I'm taking the hot spot back. Now the Nighthawk freaking, hot spot device is badass. It actually has an infinite port in the bottom and all that. So I hate getting rid of that. Right. But I'm gonna take that back, and I'm gonna end up getting another hotspot device. But $35 a month, the plan they had me on, $80 a month, and they throttle me a 10. So anything beyond 10, they'd max it out at 10 megas the second one downloads. It's truly unlimited. It just maxes out at 10. I've seen these third party companies advertising here lately, talking about unlimited data. Now they're expensive. They're more more expensive. They're about $80, but they claim to have truly unlimited. And but, again, there goes the problem. They either piggyback on AT and T or Verizon. And, unfortunately, that's just not a good option for me. Right. Right. It's like, well, do you need something else? Yeah. I mean, if AT and T puts a tower out there, man, I can hook you up with. I mean, it's literally it's no contract, no credit check. You're just paying $35. We go for thirty days. And like I said, I ran 675 gigs of data. I only need that hotspot over a month. That'd be perfect. Right. $35. That's why I said, you know what? It's not worth it being under contract for $80 a month plus the the device. That's that's good. Yeah. I wish I could do that. Well, sounds good, man. I appreciate it. Let me know if you need my help. Okay? Alright, bud. Take care.