Source: AEB7F935-C4E4-416E-A2D1-1F9E77FFF4AA
Drive file id: 1q2j0TuOXFsUtLOQbnb0YS0tMbv_dWvfD
Batch: CloudRecordings_FBF

Hello? Hey, friend. How are you? Locked my money up. So I placed an order on q v or on a HSN, and, that was a debacle in itself. I had to come back up here Saturday and get another card made, because the, expiration, the CVV card code on it wasn't matching up or something like that. It's crazy. Came up here, got another card, and, HSN pre authorized it for, like, just the total amount. Or they preauthorized it for two separate charges of $1.37. They freaking released that back to me. They they didn't approve me for the FlexPay for whatever reason. I don't know if it was because it was a new bank account or or what their reasoning was. So they sent me a notice in thirty days. They released the funds yesterday at 01:33. Y'all said that y'all still haven't received it or whatever even though they gave me an authorization code for each of the two transactions that they sent back to y'all yesterday. And now for many for you know, since I opened my account, my money's been locked up. I've got to I've gotta pay an electric bill. Is yeah. The card? So the card that we gave you, essentially Yeah. Did what? It was yeah. The weirdest thing about it, it was, I called the 800 number, and they told me that I was, like, the probably the tenth person that, like, the ones that are printed here at the bank, they've been having a knit like, a mismatch here. She told me to go back up to the bank, and this is at, like this is probably twenty minutes before y'all closed. I was like, okay. Like, alright. Yeah. Yeah. So Okay. Now the new card worked, but I I put in the same, you know, same I think it was, like, 333 or something like that. There was a CVV. And she said that it was too many failed attempts, on the card and that they put a lock on the card. But yeah. If there's more. Yeah. Well, I mean, I haven't put any transactions on it because my money's been wiped. Oh, except for $15 that I opened the account with. And, see, here's the craziest part. The lady I spoke with at the bank yesterday when I called the number, she said, you know, our normal fund posting is at midnight, is, like, whenever everything just cycles over. She said, if you can have HSN send us a fax or call us, we can release the funds to you immediately. And so I called HSN back. They confirmed again. We sent the transaction or we sent the money back to your bank at 01:33 and, gave me the the two transaction codes. And I said, well, can you have somebody call? Because right now, this is a matter of convenience. Okay? It's not anything that's gonna hurt y'all, and it's only gonna benefit me. It's gonna help in the long run to retain the cost. They've got people that take an order every second, but they wouldn't take three minutes of their time to call over here to the bank. They sent a request to their credit department to send a fax, and they said it can take up to seventy two hours to send a fax. They can take an order every minute, you know, every every second. And I was like, you know what? I'm never doing business with your company ever again just because y'all are inconveniencing me that much to not even just pick up the phone and make a quick phone call to my bank to say, yeah. We sent it. Yeah. I just need access to my money a little bit. Somehow, somebody has got access to where they can, you know, trace it using this code that they gave me. I don't know why HSN gave me the, tracking code to show that it Now, honestly, things have been tight here lately. They've been real, real tight. So that When it was placed when the order was placed? I guess so it was it was either no. I think it was, day after I opened my account. This is the day like, that night no. That night, it was declining. I had to come back in on Saturday and get the new card. And so I I tried it again on Saturday, whatever whatever day Saturday is. That's what I was I mean yeah. I do. And that's what I was trying to ask the lady yesterday was, Glad Verizon got their service fixed.