Name: 
AUTHORIZATION FOR RELEASE OF MEDICAL/MENTAL RECORDS AND REPORTS 
Date of Birth: 
Matthew Oliver Reardon 03/24/1982 
Social Security Number: 250-67-6401 
Re: 
Records for Matthew Reardon from North Ms State Hospital Crisis stabilization whit 
of East Ms state Hospital 
I hereby authorize East Ms State Hospital & North Ms State Hospital Crisis Stabilization Unit 
(Name of Medical Provider), to release 
to Daniel Coker Horton & Bell, P.A., at P.O. Box 1396, Oxford, MS, 38655-1396, all existing medical records and information regarding the above referenced patient's mental and/or medical examination, evaluation, care, treatment, physical/mental condition, and medical expenses revealed by your observation or treatment, past, present and future. 
I understand that this authorization includes information regarding x-ray reports, laboratory reports, CT scans reports, MRI scans, EKGs, sonograms, arteriograms, fetal monitor strips, discharge summaries, photographs, surgery consent forms, informed consent forms regarding family planning, admission and discharge records, operation records, doctor and nurses notes, mental assessments, mental evaluations, prescriptions, medical bills, invoices, histories, diagnoses, narratives, and any correspondence/memoranda and billing information. 
I, the undersigned individual, am on notice that: 
Initiating this request for disclosure of protected health information, and any disclosure of the same pursuant hereto is at the request of the individual identified about and whose signature is below. 
Any health care or related provider disclosing the above requested information may not condition treatment, payment, enrollment or eligibility for benefits on whether the individual signs this authorization. This authorization can be revoked through written notice to Daniel, Coker, Horton & Bell, or to the individual above listed entities, except to the extent that action has been taken in reliance on this authorization. The undersigned is aware of the potential that protected health information disclosed pursuant to this authorization is subject to re-disclosure in a manner that will not be protected by HIPAA regulations. A photocopy or this authorization shall be considered as effective and valid as the original, and this authorization will remain in effect until settlement or final disposition of the lawsuit or five (5) years from the date of this authorization, whichever comes later. 
I understand that this release applies to and hereby authorize my medical providers to produced medical and/or mental health records for all dates of examination, assessment and/or treatment up to and including the present. 
I have carefully read and understand the above and do herein expressly and voluntarily authorize the disclosure of the above information about, or medical records of, my condition to those persons or agencies listed above. 
No ex parte conferences are authorized by this authorization which means that no direct communications or conferences may occur between medical providers and Daniel Coker Horton & Bell, or their representatives without myself or my representative being present. 
Date of Signature: July to 2022 
Signature: 
Printed Name: 
Matthew Oliver Reardon 
This authorization is designed to be in compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA") 45 CFR Parts-160 and 164. 
{D1954794.1}