IN THE JUSTICE COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY MISSISSIPPI 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PLAINTIFF 
VS 
JUSTICE COURT JUDGE MICKEY AVANT 
DEFENDANT 
CAUSE NO. 
Petition for Writ of Mandamus. 
The plaintiff Matthew Reardon hereby petitions for a writ of mandamus and seeks relief from the trial court, trial judge, and ruling made on March 1, 2021 and states that the Defendant Judge Mickey Avant acted outside of the jurisdiction of his office and even authority in this particular situation in ordering that the plaintiff cease recording of proceedings brought forth in this court; the trial judge did so citing Rule 1.03. The trial judge referenced the UNIFORM RULES OF PROCEDURE 
FOR JUSTICE COURT. Plaintiff stated on numerous occasions that he felt as if he couldn't get a fair hearing in the Lafayette County Justice Court due to events that have taken place over the past 3.5 years all stemming from the crippling decisions made in this very court when Judge Carolyn Bell took it on herself to set plaintiff's bond at $150,000 on a felony charge levied against plaintiff in May of 2017 which not only lacked probable cause but deprived the plaintiff of his due process rights along with his civil liberties by setting bond in a punitive way even when plaintiff asserted he had solid proof that he couldn't have possibly committed such crime. It would have been an impossibility. Nonetheless plaintiff was never afforded a preliminary hearing which is a core due process right afforded to the accused in which the absence of such within 14 days requires that the 
accused be released on his own recognizance. All of this following the plaintiff being held for 
nearly 96 hours prior to receiving a bond hearing which was almost twice the allowed amount of time prior to receiving a bond set three times higher than the established maximum, these guidelines put in place by the supreme court and readopted in the Mississippi Rules of Criminal 
Procedure less than a year prior. Based on established rules Plaintiff should have received the lowest amount for the crime accused being he didn't get a bond hearing before a judge within the required maximum timeframe of 48 hours. All of this played into the stacked and coerced highly unfortunate outcome. Plaintiff feels forced to try a case in a court which has gone on tilt before in its rulings and decisions and although this trial judge wasn't the judge presiding on the case in 2017, plaintiff has assertively claimed reservations and worries that he had including recently demonstrating how he feels that he and has even demonstrated Lafayette County Officials and Agencies denying Plaintiff the equal protections of the law which are granted not only by Article 3 of the Mississippi Constitution in its Bill of Rights, but the Federal Constitution which plaintiff swore a LIFELONG oath to protect and defend 
In November of 2020 plaintiff was involved in a case in Olive Branch where he was charged with contempt despite doing exactly what was asked of him by the court. Fortunately the case was just dismissed on 3/1/21 due to plaintiff carrying a tape recorder which corroborated exactly that which plaintiff claimed. The alleged false arrest is currently on file and pending before the US District Court of North Mississippi, referenced by case number 3:20-cv-00327-DMB-JMV. 
It is reasons like this that plaintiff feels it is a paramount need and one that each court should allow. In fact Plaintiff is of the impression that this is a request that should be looked at as an accommodation and one no different than any accommodation afforded to Americans with 
disabilities. The trial judge read off the title to 1.03 in UNIFORM RULES OF PROCEDURE 
FOR JUSTICE COURT. However, after the title, nothing made sense to plaintiff and it almost felt to plaintiff that this reading was being falsely read and presented to plaintiff. However, Rule 
1.03 states as follows: 
1:03: USE OF CAMERAS, RECORDING AND ROADCASTING EQUIPMENT The use of 
cameras, recording or broadcasting equipment, or such shall be governed by the Code of Judicial 
Conduct. 
Plaintiff would state that not only does 1:03 lack any language that would bar the use of an audio recorder ESPECIALLY in lack of a court reporter/transcriber. This in turn poses prejudicial and completely one-sided to the plaintiff where everything is left up to hearsay in the absence of proof. 
Plaintiff requested to motion the court for him to be allowed to audio record the hearing and was immediately denied further being told something to the effect of "The rules are the rules". 
Plaintiff hereby quotes RULE 2.03 ADDITIONAL RULES out of the UNIFORM RULES OF PROCEDURE FOR JUSTICE COURT which states as follows: No rule of procedure, local or otherwise, shall be adopted without the approval of the Mississippi Supreme Court. 
Plaintiff would request answer from this trial court and specifically the trial judge as to if he and this court had approval of the Mississippi Supreme Court to establish such a rule that adversely can affect the outcome of a legal proceeding, and one which is clearly not spelled 
out in the referenced rules of the UNIFORM RULES OF PROCEDURE FOR JUSTICE 
COURT 
Plaintiff would then jump down to RULE 3.01 APPLICABILITY OF RULES in the SAME referenced outline: 
Rule 3.01: Rules of criminal procedure in justice court are governed by the Mississippi Rules of Criminal Procedure (MRCrP). All rules designated as criminal rules are applicable only in criminal cases. General rules are also applicable in criminal cases 
When taking a look at the Mississippi Rules of Criminal Procedure (MRCrP) which just so happens to be the true Governing doctrine, and examining the facts of this case, it would appear that the rights of the plaintiff on this motion have been effected in a way that could create a material breach of even more entitled rights of the plaintiff. 
Rule 1.10 of the Mississippi Rules of Criminal Procedure details Recordation of Proceedings where Official Court Reporter not Provided. Any attorney of record or pro se litigant in a court which does not provide an official court reporter may record or have recorded any court proceeding by audio-recording device or stenographically. Any expenses incident thereto shall be borne by the party or parties. This being compounded by plaintiff pointing out flaws and inconsistencies, even what plaintiff is under the impression of being an unlawful arrest. Plaintiff has been denied access to the closest camera angle of arrest which plaintiff wholeheartedly believes is an attempt to hide or cover up wrongdoings and possibly even criminal wrongdoings, in turn not operating as 
a fair and just system in following plaintiff's assertions of not being afforded equal protections of 
the laws. 
As such, it is for these reasons listed, that plaintiff believes the idea of a fair and impartial trial is at an improbability and nearing an impossibility to the plaintiff, as such duress has taken over the plaintiff and plaintiff respectfully requests answer from this trial court and trial judge along with review of such from the Supreme Court of Mississippi, as plaintiff feels as though not having a court reporter, no jury, and no recording equipment potentially paves the way to a constitutional crisis and has a habit of removing all fairness from a proceeding that should be comprised of fairness. Plaintiff also requests answer as to why Lafayette County is refusing to produce the closest camera angle of the arrest and parked vehicle despite resistance on the matter. Plaintiff feels that this information is not privileged and is nothing more than Lafayette County Sheriff's Department and Lafayette County officials yet again attempting to cover their tracks. 
Plaintiff hereby requests that any and all hearings in this court involving him be pushed back to allow proper response and adherence to requests. If this court, the prosecutor, and the state wishes to proceed on with this cause and not dismiss in light of information brought forth, then plaintiff hereby invokes his right to a trial by jury of his peers as guaranteed to him by the state and federal 
constitutions 
Respectfully Submitted this 2nd Day of March 2021 
Matt Reardon 
117 CR 401 
Oxford, MS 38655 
662-812-1613 
matt@mattreardon.com 
# 
-68 
-65 
-62 
59. 
56 
53 
00000 
100