Menu
Case Information
Back to All Court Cases
Apr 26, 2010 Court Cases
Musumeci v. U.S. Department of
Homeland Security (Challenging
government regulation restricting
photography on federal property)
Free Speech
Share:
This lawsuit challenges a government regulation that unconstitutionally
restricts photography on federal property, including public plazas and
sidewalks. The federal civil rights lawsuit was filed on April 22, 2010 in
the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf
of a Libertarian activist who was unlawfully arrested by federal officers
aIer exercising his First Amendment right to take photographs and
digital videos in a public plaza outside of a federal building in lower
Manhattan. The lawsuit seeks a court order barring federal officials from
harassing or arresting people engaged in noncommercial photography
while standing in outdoor public areas near federal buildings. The
complaint names the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, the
Federal Protective Service, Inspector Clifford Barnes of the Federal
Protective Service and an unnamed federal officer as defendants.
Plaintiff Antonio Musumeci was arrested on Nov. 9, 2009 aIer recording
with a hand-held video camera a protestor in a public plaza outside the
Daniel Patrick Moynihan Federal Courthouse in Manhattan. Musumeci,
a 29-year-old resident of Edgewater, N.J. and member of the Manhattan
Libertarian Party, was recording an interview in front of the courthouse
steps with Julian Heicklen, a libertarian activist who was advocating for
jury nullification. They were confronted by Inspector Barnes, who
arrested Heicklen. Musumeci, a soIware developer for an investment
bank, stepped backward and recorded the arrest. Barnes told Musumeci
he had violated a federal regulation governing photography and arrested
him. Barnes and a second federal agent grabbed Musumeci by the arms
and forced him to the pavement as they confiscated the video card from
his camera. AIer being arrested, Musumeci was detained for about 20
minutes and issued a ticket for violating the photography regulation.
That charge was later dismissed. A week later, Musumeci was harassed
and threatened with arrest aIer trying again to record Heicklen at the
federal courthouse. Again this past Monday he was harassed by federal
officers at the courthouse.
On Oct. 13, 2010, a federal judge signed a settlement in which the
federal government agreed that no federal statutes or regulations bar
photography of federal courthouses from publicly accessible property. It
agreed to issue a nationwide directive to members of the Federal
Protective Service (the agency responsible for all government buildings)
instructing them about the rights of photographers. Since Musumeci
had been charged with violating a regulation that applied to all federal
property, not just courthouses, the NYCLU hold the position that the
settlement in effect covers photography og all federal buildings. S.D.N.Y.,
Index No. 10 CIV 3370 (direct).
Court Filings
The Complaint (PDF)
The Final Settlement (PDF)
Instructions to Federal Officers (PDF) (Redacted)
Related Content
Aug 18, 2025 Court Cases
Amicus Brief: Evergreen v. City of New York
Reproductive Rights Privacy
Aug 9, 2025 Court Cases
Barco Mercado v. Noem
Immigrants' Rights
Aug 1, 2025 Court Cases
African Communities Together and The Door v. Todd Lyons et.
al.
Immigrants' Rights
Jul 28, 2025 Court Cases
Petition for Emergency Action for Lead Contamination in
Drinking Water for Syracuse, NY Residents
Environmental Justice
As bold as the spirit of New York, we are the NYCLU.
Donate
Home
Issues
About
Resources
Ideas
Get Involved
Press
User Agreement
Privacy Statement
Website Accessibility
Federal Transparency In Coverage
© 2025 New York
Civil Liberties Union