IN THE JUSTICE COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
VS. 
CAUSE NOS. 9286631, 9290609, 9290610, 
9291197, 9291198, 9291202 
MATTHEW REARDON 
MOTION TO RECORD TRIAL AND NOTICE OF MEDIA COVERAGE 
COMES NOW Defendant, Matthew Reardon, by and through counsel, and would show 
unto the Court as follows: 
1. 
Rule 3 of the Uniform Rules of Procedure for Justice Court provides that any 
attorney or self-represented litigant may record or have recorded any Justice Court proceeding by 
audio-visual recording device or stenographically. Counsel for Mr. Reardon's public-defense 
appointment does not extend to appeal. Counsel will not be able to record trial and maintain 
possession of any recording; instead, counsel will be required to provide the trial recording to Mr. Reardon under Rule 1.16(d) of the Mississippi Rules of Professional Conduct (requiring former lawyer to take steps to protect a client's interest including surrendering papers and property upon termination of representation). Counsel or Mr. Reardon is entitled to record these proceedings by audio-visual recording device for the purposes of appeal. They request this Court's guidance on who should record trial for appeal and the use of that recording after trial. However, the next section of this pleading may answer those questions. 
2. Rule 3 of the Uniform Rules of Procedure for Justice Court provides that any further use of a recording or broadcasting of trial shall be governed by Cannon 3B(12) of the Mississippi Code of Judicial Conduct. Under Cannon 3B(12), the Judge must allow recording and broadcasting when authorized by Rule or Order of the Supreme Court. 
Recording and 
broadcasting of judicial proceedings are authorized by the Mississippi Rules for Electronic and 
{D1791100.1} 
Photographic Coverage of Judicial Proceedings (attached hereto as Exhibit "A"). Mr. Reardon 
asserts that he is a reporter/photographer and a member in good standing with the Constitution 
First Amendment Press Association (CFAPA.org). (See Press ID attached as Exhibit "B"). Mr. 
Reardon hereby provides notification pursuant to Rule 5 of the Mississippi Rules for Electronic 
and Photographic Coverage of Judicial Proceedings that he intends to engage in electronic 
coverage of the trial set for November 4, 2021. If permitted, Mr. Reardon's media recording will 
also serve as his recording for purposes of appeal. 
3. Cannon 3B(12) also permits recording and broadcasting of trial for creating and 
preserving a record. Cannon 3B(12)(a). As set forth above, recording trial for the purposes of 
creating a record is also allowed by Rule 3 of the Uniform Rules of Procedure for Justice Court. 
The only issue posed to the Court regarding recording for appeal purposes is whether recording 
for appeal shall be performed by Counsel or Mr. Reardon1. 
4. Mr. Reardon hereby notifies the Court of his intent to record and provide electronic 
coverage of the trial scheduled for November 4, 2021. Mr. Reardon assures the Court that 
recording and electronic coverage will not interfere with the efficient trial of these matters. 
WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, Matthew Reardon, Defendant herein, by and 
through counsel, notifies the Court as set forth above and requests any relief to which he may be 
entitled. 
Respectfully submitted, this the 1st day of November, 2021. 
BY: 
/s/Mitchell O. Driskell, III MITCHELL O. DRISKELL, III 
Lafayette County does not provide indigent defendants with funds to secure court-reporters nor retain other professionals to record trial for appeal. Counsel for Mr. Reardon has no electronic capability to record trial other than his personal phone and, therefore, respectfully requests that Public Defense counsel not bear the burden of recording, transferring and providing any recording. 
{D1791100.1} 
MITCHELL O. DRISKELL, III, ESQ., MSB# 100079 Daniel Coker Horton & Bell, P.A. 
Post Office Box 1396, Oxford, MS 38655 
(662)232-8979 
(662)232-8940 (fax) mdriskell@danielcoker.com 
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE 
I, Mitchell O. Driskell, III do hereby certify that I have this day served a true and correct 
copy of the foregoing Motion by email and U. S. Mail First Class Postage Prepaid to: 
Jill Carwyle, Clerk 
Lafayette County Justice Court 
713 Jackson Avenue 
Oxford, MS 38655 
Bela J. Chain, III 
P. O. Box 913 Oxford, MS 38655 bjchainiii@gmail.com 
Christi R. McCoy 
The Earlene Gardner Victims Assistance Project 
P. O. Box 928 
Oxford, MS 38655 
cmccoy@nmrls.com 
Honorable Christopher Childers 
P. O. Box 972 
New Albany, MS 38652 
childerslaw@bellsouth.net 
This the 1st day of November, 2021. 
{D1791100.1} 
/s/Mitchell O. Driskell, III MITCHELL O. DRISKELL, III 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
FILED 
NOV 0 1 2021 
Jill Carwyle 
JUSTICE COURT CLERK 
BY 
COURT 
D.C. 
MISSISSIPPI RULES FOR ELECTRONIC AND PHOTOGRAPHIC COVERAGE OF JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS 
Table of Rules 
1. General. 
2. Definition 
3. Electronic Media Coverage Allowed. 
4. Restrictions. 
5. Notice. 
6. Decorum. 
7. Objections. 
8. Impermissible Use of Material. 
9. Enforcement and Sanctions. 
10. Expiration- Deleted. 
General Comment to Rules. 
MISSISSIPPI RULES FOR ELECTRONIC AND PHOTOGRAPHIC COVERAGE OF JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS 
[The Mississippi Rules for Electronic and Photographic Coverage of Judicial Proceedings are adopted effective April 17, 2003 for proceedings conducted from and after July 1, 2003.] 
RULE 1. GENERAL. Electronic media coverage of judicial proceedings in Mississippi Courts shall be governed by the following rules. These rules apply to the Supreme Court, Court of Appeals, chancery courts, circuit courts, and county courts and may be cited as MREPC. 
A 
RULE 2. DEFINITION. 
(a) "Media" shall mean all persons and organizations engaging in news gathering or reporting and includes any newspaper, radio or television station or network, news service, magazine, trade paper, professional journal, and other news reporting or news gathering agencies. 
(b) "Electronic media coverage" and "electronic coverage" shall mean any reporting, recording, broadcasting, narrowcasting, cablecasting, and webcasting of court proceedings by the media using television, radio, photographic, recording, or other electronic device. 
(c) "Judicial proceedings" shall mean any trial, pre-trial hearings, post-trial hearings and appellate arguments. 
RULE 3. ELECTRONIC MEDIA COVERAGE ALLOWED. Electronic media coverage of public judicial proceedings shall be allowed in the appellate and trial courts of record in this state subject to the conditions below. The presiding justice or judge has the discretion to limit or terminate electronic coverage at any time during the proceedings if the court deems such necessary and in the interest of justice to protect the rights of the parties or witnesses, or the dignity of the court, or to assure orderly conduct of the proceedings. 
(a) Authority of presiding justice or judge. All electronic coverage is subject at all time to the authority of the presiding justice or judge to (i) control the conduct of the proceedings, (ii) ensure decorum and prevent distraction, and (iii) ensure fair administration of justice in the pending case. The rights of the parties to a fair adjudication are recognized as paramount. It is the responsibility of the media to so arrange and operate equipment in order to comply with these rules. 
(b) Persons other than media representatives. These rules do not allow the use of electronic devices by attorneys and persons other than media representatives except as may be allowed by the court. 
(c) Coverage of certain matters prohibited. Electronic coverage of the following matters is expressly prohibited unless the presiding justice or judge shall allow the coverage by order: divorce; child custody; support; guardianship; conservatorship; commitment; waiver of parental consent to abortion; adoption; delinquency and neglect of minors; determination of paternity; termination of parental rights; domestic abuse; motions to suppress evidence; proceedings involving trade secrets; and in camera proceedings. 
(d) Coverage of certain persons prohibited. Electronic coverage of the following categories of witnesses is expressly prohibited: police informants, 
minors, undercover agents, relocated witnesses, victims and families of victims. of sex crimes, and victims of domestic abuse. 
RULE 4. RESTRICTIONS. 
(a) The location of equipment and personnel necessary for electronic media coverage of judicial proceedings shall be at a place either inside or outside the courtroom so as to be minimally intrusive to the proceedings. Only equipment which does not produce distracting sound or light shall be employed to cover judicial proceedings. No flash or strobe lighting shall be used. All running wires shall be securely taped to the floor. No other artificial lighting device of any kind shall be employed in connection with electronic coverage unless otherwise authorized by the court. Matters covered by this sub-part are subject to the discretion of the presiding judge and may be relaxed so long as the coverage does not result in distraction of the proceedings. 
(b) No members or potential members of the jury may be recorded or shown at any time prior to their dismissal, nor shall the jury selection process be subject to electronic coverage. The presiding judge shall inform all potential jurors at the beginning of the jury selection process of the restrictions of this particular provision. 
(c) No audio recording is permitted of off-the-record conferences in the courtroom between the court and counsel, or between counsel and co-counsel, or between counsel and clients or witnesses. 
(d) Judicial proceedings held in chambers and proceedings generally closed to the public shall not be subject to electronic coverage." 
(e) Electronic media equipment shall not be taken into the courtroom, relocated, or removed from the designated media area except prior to convening of the judicial proceedings, during recesses, and after adjournment for the day. This prohibition shall not apply to small, handheld electronic devices. 
(f) Unless otherwise allowed by the presiding judge, no more than one television camera or video recorder, one audio system for radio broadcasting, and one still photographer shall be allowed in any judicial proceeding. If pooling arrangements are employed, such data or information is to be available equally to all pool participants, and the pool representative shall charge no fees or expenses to the other pool participants. The pool representative is not to be given any economic or coverage advantage over the other pool participants. Any pooling arrangements among the media required by these limitations on 
equipment and personnel shall be the sole responsibility of the media without calling upon the presiding justice or judge to mediate any dispute as to the appropriate media representative or equipment authorized to cover a particular proceeding. In the absence of advance media agreement on disputed equipment or personnel issues, the presiding justice or judge shall exclude all contesting media personnel from a proceeding. 
(g) The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and the Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals may waive these restrictions with respect to judicial proceedings in the Supreme Court and in the Court of Appeals, respectively. 
[Amended effective December 9, 2004 to give the presiding judge discretion as to application of technical limitations of coverage; amended effective September 29, 2005.] 
RULE 5. NOTICE. Media representatives who propose to engage in electronic coverage of a judicial proceeding shall notify the clerk and the court administrator of the court of such intention at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the commencement of the proceeding. The presiding justice or judge may shorten or waive the time for advance notice. 
RULE 6. DECORUM. The decorum and dignity of the court, the courtroom, and the judicial proceedings must be maintained at all times. Court customs shall be followed including appropriate attire. Movement in the courtroom during the proceedings shall be limited and may be completely prohibited except during breaks or recesses. Disruption of proceedings will not be permitted. 
RULE 7. OBJECTIONS. Any party may object to electronic coverage by written motion, which may be supported by affidavits. Such motions shall be filed no later than fifteen (15) days prior to commencement of the judicial proceedings, unless good cause exists to shorten the time for filing. 
RULE 8. IMPERMISSIBLE USE OF MATERIAL. No material gathered by electronic media shall be part of the official court record of the judicial proceedings covered unless admitted into evidence. The official court record of any judicial proceeding is the transcript of the original notes and all exhibits introduced into evidence in the proceeding. 
RULE 9. ENFORCEMENT AND SANCTIONS. A violation of these rules may be sanctioned by measures deemed appropriate by the court. 
RULE 10. EXPIRATION-DELETED 
Rule 10, providing for expiration of the Rules for Electronic and Photographic Coverage of 
Judicial Proceedings on December 31, 2004 was repealed effective December 9, 2004. 
[Adopted effective April 17, 2003 for proceedings occurring from July 1, 2003; amended to remove expiration date, December 9, 2004.] 
Comment 
Section 3B(12) of the Code of Judicial Conduct prohibits broadcasting, televising, recording, or taking photographs in the courtroom and areas immediately adjacent thereto except as authorized by rule or order of the Supreme Court. Also, Rule 1.04 of the Uniform Rules of Circuit and County Court allows cameras only "in accordance with the Code of Judicial Conduct." Thus, electronic coverage is allowed only for special purposes authorized in Section 3B(12), or under these Rules for Electronic and Photographic Coverage of Judicial Proceedings (MREPC.) 
The MREPC recognize that the use of cameras, television, broadcast, and other electronic media to cover court proceedings presents special considerations unique to their use. In addressing these considerations, the rule recognizes both that in certain public proceedings such coverage can be intimidating and unnecessarily intrusive into the lives of citizens, even where there is no expectation of privacy, and that these special logistical problems are attendant to the use of new technologies. 
In MREPC 2(b), "electronic media coverage" and "electronic coverage" are defined to include the use of still cameras. 
The MREPC neither limit nor expand the authority of law for general closing of proceedings, the general exclusion of the public and the media from the courtroom, or the sealing of documents. These broader limitations on public access areas are addressed in the Constitution and statutes of the state as well as the decisions of the courts. Article 3, Section 26 of the Mississippi Constitution provides that the court may in certain specified cases, in its discretion, exclude from the courtroom all persons except such as are necessary in the conduct of the trial. Examples of proceedings for which statutes either mandate or permit closed hearings include certain divorce proceedings (Miss. Code Ann. §93-5-21), those for waiver of parental consent to an abortion for a minor (Miss. Code Ann. § 41-41-55), proceedings raising the sexual conduct of a complaining witness in a rape case (Miss. Code. Ann. § 97-3-68), and Youth Court Proceedings (Miss. Code Ann. § 43-21-203). The closing of proceedings generally and procedures for notice and hearing prior to closing are addressed in Gannett River States Pub. Co. v. Hand, 571 So. 2d 941 (Miss. 1990) and In re Memphis Publishing Company, 823 So. 2d 1150 (Miss. 2001). 
[Adopted effective April 17, 2003.] 
PRESS ID 
Carte de Presse/Pase de Prensa / Presseausweis 
Credentialed Reporter / Photographer 
Matthew O. Reardon 
Is a Reporter / Photographer and a member in good standing with the Constitution First Amendment Press Association (CFAPA.org) 
Issue Date: 
July 01, 2021 
B 
Do not hinder, exclude, or block the view of this journalist in the exercise of the long-established and court-recognized 1st Amendment right to be present at and to photograph or film any event in any public place. See: Perry Education Association v. Perry Local Educators' Association. (1983) 
1st Amendment: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." (Enacted by Congress on December 15, 1791.) 
Any officer or public official who deprives another of their 1st Amendment rights is personally and departmentally subject to suit for civil damages for deprivation of rights. Per 42 U.S.C. § 1983, "every person" who under color of law deprives another person of his civil rights is liable for civil damages.) See: Pierson v. Ray, 386 U.S. 547 (1967) - a U.S. Supreme Court case. Also see: Monell v. Department of Social Services, wherein the U.S. Supreme Court held that municipalities and local governments can be sued if the action was attributable to an official policy. 
Law enforcement officers, public officials, and public employees do not enjoy absolute immunity. 
Copyright 2014, Constitution First Amendment Press Association. (CFAPA.org) - All Rights Reserved. CFAPA is not liable or responsible for the actions of its independent members. 
PRESS 
(Presse / Prensa) 
Reporter/Photographer/Videographer Credentials 
This certifies that as of 
07/01/2021 
Matthew Oliver Reardon 
is a Reporter/Photographer/Videographer and a member in good standing with the Constitution First Amendment Press Association. (CFAPA.org) 
Do not hinder, exclude, or block the view of this journalist in the exercise of the long- established and court-recognized 1st Amendment right to be present at and to photograph or film any event in any public place. See: Perry Education Association v. Perry Local Educators' Association. (1983) 
1st Amendment: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." (Enacted by Congress on December 15, 1791.) 
Any officer or public official who deprives another of their 1st Amendment rights is personally and departmentally subject to suit for civil damages for deprivation of rights. Per 42 U.S.C. § 1983, "every person" who under color of law deprives another person of his civil rights is liable for civil damages.) See: Pierson v. Ray, 386 U.S. 547 (1967) – a U.S. Supreme Court case. Also see: Monell v. Department of Social Services, wherein the U.S. Supreme Court held that municipalities and local governments can be sued if the action was attributable to an official policy. Law enforcement officers, public officials, and public employees do not enjoy absolute immunity. 
Furthermore, Section 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code provides for reimbursement of attorneys' fees to plaintiffs who prevail under Section 1983. See: Hughes v. Rowe, 449 U.S. 5, 14 (1980) 
For further legal citations on journalism law, see: www.rcfp.org 
We The People, in the Internet Age, Are The Free Press! 
Copyright 2014, Constitution First Amendment Press Association. (CFAPA.org) - All Rights Reserved. The CFAPA is not liable or responsible for the actions of its independent members.