TRANSCRIPT OF TELEPHONE
CONVERSATION
Matthew Oliver Reardon and Jay Andrews
November 20, 2025 | 12:50 PM CST
LEGAL NOTICE: This transcript documents a telephone conversation between Matthew
Oliver Reardon and Jay Andrews regarding the death of PFC Bradley Norman Dante Foust on
May 10, 2008, at Camp Devil Dog, Marine Combat Training East, Camp Lejeune, North
Carolina. This document may be used for legal proceedings, congressional submissions,
Inspector General complaints, and investigative journalism.
[00:01:10] MATTHEW REARDON:
Hello? Hey, what's going on, Jay?
[00:01:18] JAY ANDREWS:
Running some errands today and I'm on my way down to see my VSO.
[00:01:23] MATTHEW REARDON:
Gotcha.
[00:01:25] JAY ANDREWS:
I never expected to have this much trouble.
[00:01:30] MATTHEW REARDON:
Dude, I'm telling you.
[00:01:35] JAY ANDREWS:
When I was writing my PTSD claim, you know, I was putting that in there. I was trying to
find an official, you know, any official notification rank were on it. I couldn't find it. I was
like, I don't remember the kid's name. Like, I just kind of like try to put it away and you know,
you know, in MCT, you just straight out boot camp and it's like, you gotta go forward and you
don't get any sleep.
[00:02:03] MATTHEW REARDON:
Right?
[00:02:05] JAY ANDREWS:
You're sleep deprived for the next month, basically.
[00:02:10] MATTHEW REARDON:
Well, and yeah, I didn't know the guy. I had to do my research as well. I mean, coming out of
boot camp, MCT is not the place to make friends. I mean, like, you come out of boot camp,
you know, there's all that discipline and, you know, you're getting shipped wherever after
MCT, and so, you know, it's not the place that you really make close friends at. And so, you
know, I was on roving post that night. I know what I experienced. And I did a FOIA request
into the Marine Corps to find out this information. I had to carefully poke and prod and
basically, you know, keep it broad to determine exactly what the guy's name is. You know, I
didn't have... it wasn't like me and Bradley were friends. He was on armory watch that night.
But I tell you, man, I got two different FOIA requests. Got his name and the date of
everything. I've since pulled all the obituaries online. Everything shows training accident.
Everything shows a training accident. I've reached out to his father and I hate doing that, man,
because it's, you know...
[00:03:18] JAY ANDREWS:
I wondered if they even knew.
[00:03:20] MATTHEW REARDON:
I don't.
[00:03:22] JAY ANDREWS:
After hearing your podcast there I was like, wait a minute. I always thought it was so weird.
Do you remember when they brought his mom in at the end? They brought us into a room.
[00:03:35] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah, they brought us into a room. Yes, yes, yes. And I remember trying to stay awake.
[00:03:42] JAY ANDREWS:
And I felt terrible. I hadn't slept in a month. Remember putting hand sanitizer in my eyeballs
and she's up there showing baby pictures, bawling her eyes out.
[00:03:52] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:03:53] JAY ANDREWS:
Like, does she know? Did they even know?
[00:03:58] MATTHEW REARDON:
That's the thing. I don't know.
[00:04:02] JAY ANDREWS:
It never occurred to me until I started doing this VA claim. They said it was a training
accident.
[00:04:09] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yep. And, yeah, I remember the gunnery sergeant, the guy with the bald head that was like
gung ho. And it was the staff... I can't remember if it was a staff sergeant or a sergeant, but he
was the guy with the glasses. He was real off the collar. I had heard that since we were there at
MCT, he ended up getting blown up with a grenade. Like, there was a student that was
throwing a grenade and it hit the wall. He didn't get the grenade over the wall. And that
sergeant or staff sergeant dove on him to cover him up, and the grenade freaking blew up on
him. But, man, it's a small world. So here's the thing, man. The last FOIA request that I got, I
have the smoking gun. I requested the standard operating procedures and any changes. And
the SOP, because I knew, you know, from back then they had pretty much immediately
changed the SOP to not allow live ammunition on armory watch anymore. That was the
Marine Corps' way of basically identifying that as a suicide.
[00:05:15] MATTHEW REARDON:
Okay. It was not a training accident.
[00:05:18] JAY ANDREWS:
People die in accidents all the time. They're not going to take bullets away from Marines
because of an accident.
[00:05:26] MATTHEW REARDON:
No. They took the live ammunition away from training students because of the suicide.
Because it was something that they identified as a suicide and they wanted to prevent that
from happening again. Here's another thing. I believe this is a much larger problem than an
isolated incident. Because the biggest thing that I was caught up on for the longest time is
since when is the government in the business of paying out death benefits? They're not. With
labeling it a training accident, they were able to pay out Foust's family the death benefits. If it
was a suicide, he wouldn't be entitled to death benefits. So what is the motive right there? And
it's something that's a lot larger. I don't know if you remember at that time, but the branches
were coming under a lot of fire for high suicide counts. They were trying to reduce the
numbers of suicides. That's why they had those suicide awareness meetings, like three times a
year, four times a year. And so what I think happened here is, I think that this is evidence of a
much larger fraud committed. I think that the Marine Corps, and I believe that it probably
happened in other branches as well, but I know the Marine Corps, I believe that they were
padding the suicide numbers. And I believe that this is evidence of that.
[00:06:48] JAY ANDREWS:
One thing they always told us was you were three times more likely to die in training than you
were in a combat zone.
[00:06:55] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yep. And so I wonder how many actual suicides there actually were. You know, I wonder how
many other people were basically told that their child died in a training accident when it was
actually suicide. See, you know, I'm sure there's other people out there like you and me that
have witnessed something traumatic and basically they get gaslighted and told, no, you didn't
experience this. The truth was rewritten.
[00:07:25] JAY ANDREWS:
Here's the thing: regardless of what they classified it as, training accident or suicide, as far as
the PTSD claim is concerned, that's irrelevant.
[00:07:35] MATTHEW REARDON:
I agree.
[00:07:36] JAY ANDREWS:
How the brains got splattered on the wall, how the skull fragments got embedded in the cinder
block is irrelevant. It was there and you experienced it.
[00:07:47] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes.
[00:07:48] JAY ANDREWS:
100%. You could say the weapon malfunctioned. You know, he hit it on the ground and it
went off and it just happened to be on three round burst, which everyone knows is impossible.
But it's still traumatic. That night, I heard three bursts. And then in my head, I thought, you
know, they never let you shoot on three round burst.
[00:08:12] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah, it's never a thing.
[00:08:14] JAY ANDREWS:
So I was like, someone got live ammo and they wanted to see what three round burst was like.
And now we're going to get destroyed.
[00:08:22] MATTHEW REARDON:
Well, yeah, and you just got there.
[00:08:25] JAY ANDREWS:
We're going to get destroyed for the rest of time.
[00:08:28] MATTHEW REARDON:
And it was like, I mean, at the time, you weren't supposed to hear it period over there, and at
that time in the morning, that was never a good thing, if I remember correctly. I know it was
in the wee early hours of the morning. I believe it was somewhere around two or three. That's
exactly what I was gonna say. I think it was about 2 o'clock. Were you on post? What was
your situation?
[00:08:55] JAY ANDREWS:
No, I was in the little Quonset hut things.
[00:09:00] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:09:02] JAY ANDREWS:
Was it a day or two after that we humped out to the ranges and stuff? But I was in the first
one. I guess if you're looking from the gate entering the camp there, I was in the first one, the
first row. So the next thing there was the shower house. And then the armory. And then you
had the school house.
[00:09:25] MATTHEW REARDON:
Right. And it's so hard to... even coming back now talking to you, I'm able to actually kind of
bring myself back there and actually kind of visually see it, but it's still hard. I mean, we're
talking about 17 years ago. Good God, I can't believe it's been that long. But certain things,
you know, there are bits and pieces, fragments that are just embedded in me from that. And I
was actually on roving post, you know, and, you know, as soon as it happened, the instructors,
I think there were two of them that came out and just started yelling—
[00:10:05] JAY ANDREWS:
Get back to your—
[00:10:06] MATTHEW REARDON:
Get inside. But, man, hey, so this is what I probably want to do. That comment on that video
that you left, we probably want to take that down. Like, I know I've already come forward
with my story. Everybody knows that I've blown the whistle on that. I want to keep you
protected. Okay. Because when they know that there's somebody else who's come forward on
the same event, this power is very dangerous.
[00:10:40] JAY ANDREWS:
You would think that they would expect a few hundred people know about this. We were all
there.
[00:10:47] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah. But more or less, you know, there were only a few people, probably three to five people
on roving post and two people on armory watch. And those are the biggest threats to them—
anybody that actually was right there when it happened in that isolated area.
[00:11:15] JAY ANDREWS:
I'll tell you the way that I know for sure it was a suicide. As you know, they didn't really talk
about it, but that next morning we were doing accountability formation, and while we're
standing there waiting for everyone to get out of the head, my combat instructor, he was a
sergeant—
[00:11:35] MATTHEW REARDON:
That was the same one.
[00:11:37] JAY ANDREWS:
Yeah, a little bit of a fat body. And he said, come here. I think I was PFC still. It's like, yeah,
Sergeant. He's like, have you ever seen brains before? He's like, human brains, no sir. Come
here. He brings me in there. I mean, the body wasn't there, but oh my God, bleach all over
everything. But there was still blood. Brain tissue and skull fragments were literally
embedded into the cinder block. And then he said—
[00:12:18] MATTHEW REARDON:
That.
[00:12:19] JAY ANDREWS:
Put his rifle on three round burst and suck started.
[00:12:25] MATTHEW REARDON:
Boom. Okay. That was it. Yes. So that sergeant. Yes. He wore glasses, right? And he was... I
believe he wore glasses. I don't remember him being very fat, but I remember... I'm trying to
remember what his name was. Was that the guy that dove on the grenade? That was the same
one?
[00:12:50] JAY ANDREWS:
What's funny is we were at the grenade range and we're standing there waiting to go up, and
he's got us in formation. He's turning around talking to one of the grenade range instructors
and a piece of shrapnel from one of the grenades that blew up flew up in the air, came down
and hit him on his pant leg while he was talking. And then he turned around and he thought
that one of us threw something at him. So he just slayed us right there, like 10 or 15 minutes.
And while he's slaying us, he's walking around and he happened to look down on the ground
and see the piece of shrapnel. He picked it up. He's like, oh.
[00:13:30] MATTHEW REARDON:
I thought one of—
[00:13:31] JAY ANDREWS:
Your guys threw something at me.
[00:13:33] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:13:34] JAY ANDREWS:
Who do you think has the balls big enough to throw something at the combat instructor right
now?
[00:13:42] MATTHEW REARDON:
You know, it's my understanding about everything was that Foust snuck a cell phone into
MCT and found out that his girlfriend back home was Dear John-ing him and committed
suicide because of that. I know I snuck a cell phone into MCT. It was pretty easy to do once
you got that leave from boot camp and you went back home.
[00:14:08] JAY ANDREWS:
The guy that she screwed—so she actually screwed someone while he was home on boot
leave.
[00:14:15] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:14:16] JAY ANDREWS:
And the guy that she screwed was in MCT with us. And he went to comm school with me. So
we went out to 29 Palms. I went to 29 Palms after that. That was 2800. So we were
communications repair. So we're out there in comm school and we're all just, like, shooting
the shit. There's nothing to do in 29 Palms. I don't know if you've ever been, but it's a terrible
place. Desert. Mojave Desert. Like Death Valley.
[00:14:45] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:14:46] JAY ANDREWS:
They were sitting there and someone brought up MCT, and I was like, y'all remember that
kid? Like, you know, blew his brains out. And then this guy—I can't remember his name for
the life of me. I remember he had this round nose. He had that dirt bag haircut. You know,
some people took the 0 to 3. They'd go 0 and then straight to 3 with the fade. But he got really
angry, and he was like, man, don't talk about that. I said, I'll talk about whatever I want to,
unless you give me a good reason.
[00:15:20] MATTHEW REARDON:
Right. And then?
[00:15:22] JAY ANDREWS:
And then he told me he killed himself because his girlfriend was cheating on him. That's
stupid. That's so stupid.
[00:15:30] MATTHEW REARDON:
I've never understood how somebody can do that over a female that does that. I mean,
especially right—
[00:15:38] JAY ANDREWS:
After boot camp. After you just been brainwashed, you know, you just been initiated into the
brotherhood.
[00:15:45] MATTHEW REARDON:
Right, right.
[00:15:47] JAY ANDREWS:
There's really no greater thing than what you just accomplished.
[00:15:51] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:15:53] JAY ANDREWS:
I don't know. But he said that he didn't know that she even had a boyfriend either. So it's not
like he went and intentionally did it.
[00:16:03] MATTHEW REARDON:
Well, and see, so before you called, I had just gotten off the phone with my attorney over in
Texas, and I kind of gave him everything. He's my confidant on everything. And it's good to
have an attorney like that in your pocket that's actually wanting to do anything that he can to
help. And so, you know, he said, anything that needs to be stored safe, I'm gonna send over to
him to keep as a backup. And I told him, he was like, you know, they may not... this could
affect the families that have gotten paid out the death benefits. And, like, I told him, see,
here's the thing. I think it affects more people more so than that. Okay. At the end of the day, it
was Foust that made the decision to put the gun in his mouth and to pull the trigger over
something so trivial, such as a girl. Okay. But it was his decision to do that. It was the Marine
Corps' decision to label it as a training accident. Okay. Those were intentional decisions made
by the guy that killed himself and by the Marine Corps. What was unintentional and what the
fallout was for people like me and people like you that were affected because of it. And it was
through no doing of our own. And because of this cover up, because of this fraud, they've
basically written off our claims. And it's, you know, that's the big washout effect. At the end of
the day, you know, I mean, it would suck if basically they stopped paying out benefits
because... but if he killed himself, he killed himself. You know, that was what happened. I
mean, hopefully. So I'll be honest with you. I applied for benefits. I had documented or seen
people while I was still in the Marine Corps. I was discharged in May of 2011 for alcohol
rehabilitation failure. They actually gave me a general under other than honorable conditions
discharge. I have had zero benefits whatsoever. And they discharged me about a year prior to
my discharge date. That's what made it even worse.
[00:18:25] JAY ANDREWS:
You should be able to easily get that changed. Yeah, I mean, that's obvious that the alcoholism
and everything were symptoms of PTSD.
[00:18:35] MATTHEW REARDON:
Exactly.
[00:18:36] JAY ANDREWS:
They can't use that same language to deny PTSD.
[00:18:40] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes.
[00:18:41] JAY ANDREWS:
That you didn't have any, you know, behavior issues. You didn't have any of that stuff.
[00:18:47] MATTHEW REARDON:
And I think it should have been a medical discharge, you know, if anything, they should have
classified it as medical because of PTSD. Instead, they've stripped me of all benefits and I've
lost my house. So I got out of prison at the beginning of this year. It was a corruption scandal.
It was a multi-state corruption scandal to silence my voice that actually got fully exposed.
There's a big lawsuit going on in Texas right now, but I've literally lost everything. It all
started back in 2017 when I did the FOIA into the Marine Corps to get the records so that I
could try to clear my name, so I could try to bring the truth forward. Because there were all
these hecklers that were bombarding me with all this hate online saying this, that and the
other, that I was dishonorably discharged. I was like, oh, fuck that. I've got to get the proof. I
can't allow this to go on any longer.
[00:19:48] JAY ANDREWS:
And I'll be honest, I looked you up on everything. Like I said, I was 2800, highest GT score.
[00:19:55] MATTHEW REARDON:
Sure.
[00:19:56] JAY ANDREWS:
You know, we're up there. I do my research. But one thing I noticed was on Twitter, any
mention of you, there was the same one or two accounts and every post that they made was
derogatory. And it got to the point where I was scrolling through reading, I'm like, if it's just
one or if it's a bunch of different accounts saying the same thing about someone, that's one
thing. For the same accounts who spend that much of their time trying to dirty the name of
someone. I was thinking like this seems weird that grown men—
[00:20:35] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes.
[00:20:36] JAY ANDREWS:
To follow someone and say these things over and over just to discredit their name. Not
offering any evidence.
[00:20:43] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:20:44] JAY ANDREWS:
As to what they're saying, just their opinion. Oh, this guy is just a grifter, you know, full of
shit, blah, blah, blah.
[00:20:51] MATTHEW REARDON:
It's created the person that I am today. So like, you know, the government hates the
accountability work that I do and the activism work that I do, but the government's 100%
responsible for the monster that they created. You know, they created me through all this. And
you know, 2017, I had a lawyer. On May 25, 2017, I sent in a final legal demand letter to the
Marine Corps headquarters in Quantico, saying that if they didn't turn over the FOIA records
within 24 hours, that I was going to file a lawsuit against the Marine Corps because they were
in violation of FOIA. The next morning, May 26, they wrote me back and said they
acknowledged the delay and said that we are approving a full release. Hours later I got the
document. Hours later I get ambush arrested, pulled out of my car, thrown on the ground,
arrested by four of the top county law enforcement officers for felony stalking. They claimed
it was a completely fictitious and made up charge. Before May 8, 2017, I put these bar owners
in fear of their life with an AR15. I had a bill of sale proving I didn't purchase it until May
20th. And I only got it because there was an active death threat against me. And so I got it to
adequately protect myself and my family. I've never threatened anybody like ever. And you
know, they hit me with this. It was convenient that over the course of 17 hours from the time
that I sent the final legal demand letter, I get arrested on a felony charge, held in jail with no
due process, $150,000 bond. I never had any criminal history. And they literally walked me
into destruction. I had a crooked attorney that just... I mean, he said, I know you couldn't have
committed the crime, but if you don't plea out to this, they're gonna throw additional charges
at you to get something to stick and send you away. It was all political. And so I feel like it
was a cover up to kind of indemnify them for a previous false arrest that month where I was
standing on a public sidewalk holding the state flag of Mississippi. But there were so many
parties that saw benefit. The Marine Corps saw benefit because they were threatened with a
lawsuit. Guess what? The headquarters Marine Corps is in Quantico, Virginia. Guess who else
is in Quantico, Virginia? The FBI. And that previous day, May 25, I sat down with the FBI
with two agents at the office in Oxford, Mississippi, to go over the death threat that was made
on me as well as a prior restraint taken out by the soon to be mayor to keep me from speaking
at city hall on the day of her election. The FBI never investigated it. And they actually got rid
of the report of sitting down with me the day before. So ever since then, the FBI has refused.
They've neglected their duties and they've stood down on everything. And I believe the reason
they've stood down is because to help me even one time, basically in their eyes, means that
they were guilty all the times before of all the neglect. And I think that the FBI was part of
this cover up because it stemmed out of Quantico. You know, it's feds, you know, and so that's
why I know how deep the involvement has gone. And so I know that it's definitely not out of
the wheelhouse for one alphabet letter agency, the FBI to have contacts in another alphabet
letter agency, CIA, NSA, whatever. I've already found evidence of illegal surveillance being
conducted on me by the federal government. U.S. Marshals had circulated BOLOs with my
picture. The more recent thing, I'm facing a federal charge right now. I go to trial next month
on a federal charge. It's just a petty charge. But I found out that the U.S. Marshals had
circulated BOLOs because I was a journalist. And I protested outside of the federal
courthouse in Louisiana and held up signs saying, Happy National Fuck the US Marshals
Day. You know, like, I was gonna push the First Amendment that much harder whenever they
were attacking the First Amendment, and I got violently arrested. They broke my camera gear
over me. They tortured me while I was in custody. You know, they had me sent 45 minutes off
the map with no charge. So it was kidnapping. And I was tortured at this county jail, picked
up by the chain of my handcuffs, by the bones in my wrist, you know, literally screaming in
pain. It's been one thing after another. And every time I've exposed it, they've put me in that
position where I have to, like, I'm all in on this, so I want to keep you protected at all costs.
You know, one of the things that I'll definitely say that I believe needs to be done, and I think
it's one of the first things that needs to be done is the signing of an affidavit, you know, and
then getting that over to that attorney to hold on to, okay? Because a sworn affidavit that you
know about this stuff is what's going to carry weight. The next thing to come is going to be,
you know, I want to get a big law firm that can handle something of this size. And I want to
notify Congress, you know, there needs to be a congressional investigation into this. But there
needs to be guarantees of protection, and there needs to be... you know, like I said, the
affidavit is going to carry the most weight right there.
[00:26:45] JAY ANDREWS:
Have you talked to any of your representatives or congressmen?
[00:26:50] MATTHEW REARDON:
I mean, I don't know who they are. Like, the thing is, I basically lost my house a couple of
months ago, and it put me in a point where I went all in, and I was living out of my car. I
drove all the way to the east coast and went up to Washington, D.C. Something inside of me
told me I needed to go to the heart of the problem. I needed to go to Quantico, Virginia. I
didn't know what I was going to find down there, but everything told me I needed to go to
Quantico. So I went to Quantico.
[00:27:28] JAY ANDREWS:
And?
[00:27:29] MATTHEW REARDON:
I didn't stay in Quantico long. I went north to Washington D.C. and I went to the Department
of Justice because I had been crying out for help to the Department of Justice for the last
seven, eight years. And I was not going to allow them to just ignore a phone call or an email
any longer. I was going to go there in person. And for two days I documented every single
U.S. attorney, every single employee of the Department of Justice coming out and completely
flat-faced ignoring me like they were given a bulletin. I was like begging for somebody to
please talk to me because this is major civil rights violations. And they were just gaffing me
off, you know, Marine Corps veteran, some of the worst corruption. And it just shows that the
problem is seriously institutional. I call it trickle down corruption. It started with a few people
in the state or maybe a few people in the feds. And they got the backing, the help of other
people to help cover it up. And then those people got the backing of a few more people. And
as everything continued to happen, one thing after another, it took the help of more and more
people that just naturally were friends with those people or whatever. And before you know it,
now you got a series of 20 different events that have happened that now involve so many
people and so many high ranking people that it's out in the open, obvious, and they're not
doing anything because that means that they all fall. And it's like, what do you do when the
people you're supposed to go to for help are the problem? The inspector general will not take
any of my complaints at the Department of Justice that completely documented corruption. So
the only thing to do is to involve Congress at this point. Like that is the only check and
balance on this power. There's no other, other than the President, which even that's limited.
But it's literally the duty and the obligation of Congress of some type of oversight with the
Senate Judiciary Committee.
[00:29:38] JAY ANDREWS:
Now, I think something may help you out.
[00:29:41] MATTHEW REARDON:
Okay.
[00:29:42] JAY ANDREWS:
You could probably get that discharge upgraded to honorable. I mean, if you have a diagnosis
for PTSD.
[00:29:48] MATTHEW REARDON:
I don't know that they even formally... I don't know if they ever in the Marine Corps formally
gave me that. That's the craziest thing.
[00:29:58] JAY ANDREWS:
You don't have to have a diagnosis in the Marine Corps. You can get your diagnosis now.
[00:30:02] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:30:03] JAY ANDREWS:
And then your mental health provider can basically put the evidence down like, look, this
started back then, and this behavior is part of that.
[00:30:12] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:30:13] JAY ANDREWS:
Then submit for your upgrade. And then once you get upgraded, go ahead and submit for your
VA disability benefits. At least you're gonna have some money coming in.
[00:30:22] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah, they should back pay me back to 2011, I would think.
[00:30:26] JAY ANDREWS:
They won't do that. They'll back pay you up to a year. But it's based on when you do your
intent to file. So basically you go in there and say, look, I'm intending to file, and then you
have a year from that date to submit your claim. Whenever they decide your claim, you get
back paid to the intent to file.
[00:30:45] MATTHEW REARDON:
See, that's why I haven't applied again, is I didn't want to screw it up. Like, my understanding
was that they back pay you to the last time that you applied, which would have been 2012.
[00:30:57] JAY ANDREWS:
Damn. They have a hard cut off there. I mean, because if that were the case, yeah, that'd be a
lot of money.
[00:31:05] MATTHEW REARDON:
Well, but at the same time, if I lawyer up on this, and this was indeed fraud, like it 100%
appears on the surface to be, then that was intentional wrongdoing by them and, you know,
that's their fault that I was discharged back in 2011 and haven't gotten any benefits since then.
[00:31:32] JAY ANDREWS:
There's got to be something, you know, in court. But then you're looking at years.
[00:31:37] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah, years. Yeah.
[00:31:39] JAY ANDREWS:
Versus we're talking about getting upgraded and then getting your disability benefits after
you're upgraded discharge status within a year. So I just applied. I put my intent to file in
April 15th. I actually submitted my claim August 15th, and they updated me on some claims
by October, so that's two months. And then they just sent me the denial. But the denial, it
looks like they just rushed it to get it out for Thanksgiving because some of it doesn't make
sense. They tried to link my PTSD to a shoulder injury. That's not what I even claimed.
[00:32:18] MATTHEW REARDON:
Right.
[00:32:19] JAY ANDREWS:
But one of the lines in there was that they couldn't verify, even though I sent them my account
of what happened at MCT. And I gave them three different links, two of them to the
obituaries. Two different obituaries that stated he died in the Marine Corps in a training
accident. And then one was, I think RichmondPress.com or something that had a headline, but
it's behind a paywall, that Marine Corps investigation into PFC Bradley Foust death is likely
to take months before an answer is released. So it proves that he died right on that date. But
like I said, whether he died in a training accident or suicide, it's irrelevant to the fact of the
PTSD disability.
[00:33:05] MATTHEW REARDON:
Right.
[00:33:06] JAY ANDREWS:
That's why I reached out. I was like, I need to be going... you had a FOIA request. If the
higher level review doesn't work for me, I'll have to then do a supplemental claim, which
would be to submit more evidence to prove, you know, whatever. I've already gave them
enough evidence.
[00:33:26] MATTHEW REARDON:
So how did you come to be interested in proving that it was a suicide versus training accident?
For my purposes, because I have no reason to interfere with the family's death benefits, which
I don't think it would interfere, quite honestly, because if the Marine Corps were to come out
and say, yes, it was suicide, we lied, it's their fault.
[00:33:50] JAY ANDREWS:
Correct. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. Yes, 100%. And you know, I sat down, I had one of the videos
on my YouTube channel. I'm sitting down with a police chief, and I go over my story, and he's
100% sympathetic to it. And he's like, yeah, you've got to notify the family. And I did, you
know, before that even meeting with him, I had reached out to Foust's father. I hadn't heard
anything back, but my understanding is Foust's father is a superintendent for a school system
out in Texas.
[00:34:28] JAY ANDREWS:
In the obituary someone called him Dr. Foust.
[00:34:31] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes, Dr. Foust. Well, there's a Dr. Foust out in South Carolina that's an eye doctor, and there's
a Dr. Foust that is a superintendent out in Texas. I've also... it looks like, from the history, it
looks like they're from Virginia. So I've kind of been doing some digging.
[00:34:49] JAY ANDREWS:
The guy who screwed his girlfriend.
[00:34:52] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:34:53] JAY ANDREWS:
Was also from Virginia.
[00:34:55] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:34:56] JAY ANDREWS:
So when I saw the obituary and it was in Daytona Beach, Florida, that's weird. But then it says
in one of them that he had recently moved out there. I guess his parents moved.
[00:35:08] MATTHEW REARDON:
You know, I think his family... I may be wrong, but I believe his mom and dad divorced. But
you know, I've got some experience in doing some skip tracing to find people. Like back in
the day, I worked for a collection company and that's gonna come in play right here. You
know, I've learned firsthand being an investigative journalist. I've had no formal journalism
training or education, but I believe an activist is not born. An activist is created through so
many screwed up things happening that they step up and they say, fuck this, something's got
to be done. It can't continue. And so over the last eight years, I have been able to identify
patterns and, you know, there's a sixth sense that I have in me that puts me in the right
direction. You know, I know when I need to do a request on something. It may not appear
obvious to anybody else, but something tells me I need to do this and I do it. And lo and
behold, I find out, boom, it was pot of gold. But I mean, it's been a struggle, man, because I've
lost everything along the way. I've lost my family. My entire family have turned their back on
me. But I can't give up because I've committed everything to it. You know, it's like I don't
have anything left. If I give up, I'm all in, committed. There's no turning back for me. And at
times it feels like it's a suicide mission and it very well may be. There's a lot of power that's
wanting to keep this suppressed and gunning for me, but I don't feel like I have any other
choice in the matter either. Like, I feel like my kids, if I don't, if I give up and if this is
acceptable, my kids don't have a future. I feel like I owe it to them. And you know, this is the
Marine in me. I'm straight up Marine Corps boot camp training. I'm in straight up Marine
mode right now. I'm in survival mode. My instincts are fully heightened. I'm in fight or flight
mode and I'm certainly in fight. I mean, I'm not backing down from anything. I just, you
know, I got violently attacked at New Orleans City Hall last Tuesday. The guy split my head
open. The security guard split my head open wide. I was bleeding out on the ground and then
he picked my cell phone up and hurls it at the ground and completely shatters my iPhone,
bending the frame. I haven't been able to access my accounts or anything. Like I ordered a
cheap phone off of Amazon that was supposed to be unlocked and it's locked on every carrier.
It's just been one thing after another. Evil is trying its best to prevail.
[00:37:55] JAY ANDREWS:
And I'm finding if you want versatility, stay away from Apple.
[00:38:00] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah.
[00:38:01] JAY ANDREWS:
Say what you will about Android, but you can go to Walmart and you can get you an Android
phone for $200. It's unlocked.
[00:38:08] MATTHEW REARDON:
My problem is not even having $200 to my name right now. Like, it's never been so fucking
difficult, man. And it's like I would have thought that there would be a lot more people that
would see what's going on and fall in line and, you know, basically condemn what's going on.
And it's like my social medias, my YouTube, there's something that is completely shadow
banning it. Like you can look at my analytics and everything was on the up and up and then
all of a sudden it just freaking plummeted and now it's hard.
[00:38:48] JAY ANDREWS:
I don't know where you were during like 2020 to 2023.
[00:38:53] MATTHEW REARDON:
Uh huh.
[00:38:54] JAY ANDREWS:
But yeah, that's all you need to see to know where the world is.
[00:38:59] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes.
[00:39:00] JAY ANDREWS:
COVID stuff. Like I work in healthcare. Yeah. And I saw intelligent people turn their brain off
and become robots and zombies.
[00:39:10] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes.
[00:39:11] JAY ANDREWS:
And we would never, like I worked in cardiac cath lab. If they came out with a new stent for
coronary, we would never use it.
[00:39:22] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes.
[00:39:23] JAY ANDREWS:
Until it's been proven for years. Our doctors would not use it. They were very cautious. They
want to know that there's no unintended things that pop up. But the shot came out, and I'll be
honest, I was in healthcare, and they told us, like, oh, y'all get the shot first because you're
front line. I was like, yeah, I'm important. And then an alarm went off in my head. I said, wait,
you're smarter than that. Why would they do that? There's no reason for this. Like, look at the
numbers. You have a 99.999% survival rate of this virus. There's no reason to take that shot.
[00:40:00] MATTHEW REARDON:
Well, and how do they honestly know what's going to happen 30 years down the road?
[00:40:07] JAY ANDREWS:
I said, you know what? Let some of these other people take it. We'll see what happens.
[00:40:11] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yep.
[00:40:12] JAY ANDREWS:
They made a decision, and then guess what? They took it. And I saw what happened, but I
couldn't say anything because they'd fire you. You won't have a career anymore. We saw
people come in with cardiomyopathy. Like, the ejection fraction on the heart just zapped to
nothing. But even if you told them that it was the COVID shot, stop taking them, they
wouldn't believe you.
[00:40:36] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes.
[00:40:37] JAY ANDREWS:
They'd get angry at you for telling them the truth.
[00:40:40] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yes. It's like it rewired their brain. I've seen, like, my mother that took the COVID shot, she
100% changed politically. She just started basically drinking from the government's tit. It's
very weird what that COVID vaccine has done. I believe it was a global test for compliance. I
think that, you know, in the Bible, everything at the end of time goes to a one world
government. And I think that before anything like that can happen, there's two things in
particular that have to be in place. You have to have a consenting population that basically
submits to the government for the most part. And number two is you have to disarm the
population in order to collect guns. They have to have a consenting, you know, basically the
majority that are in compliance, that are following orders.
[00:41:42] JAY ANDREWS:
And...
[00:41:43] MATTHEW REARDON:
And so I think, personally, I feel like COVID-19 was that global check of where are we at as
far as a society. Will people wear masks because we put mask mandates up? Will people get
the COVID vaccine? And the people that get the COVID vaccine, I think that there's
something in that vaccine that does something that rewires the chemistry of those people in
some way. I don't know how, but I've seen people change.
[00:42:15] JAY ANDREWS:
I think the thing that changes their mind is not the shot itself, but it's the fact that they got the
shot and now the truth is out and they know. But they won't admit it because no one wants to
say I was wrong and I did something stupid and I did something out of fear. I won't say that.
So the easier thing is to invest in the lie. No, it was the right thing. And you're being... you
didn't know anything was wrong and it didn't happen to a lot of people, and you're a danger to
the public that you didn't take it. You don't care about anyone else. They'll also say in
Revelations, don't get married to the fact that everyone will be disarmed. It's just like COVID.
You saw how everyone turned on the people who tried to stand up and tell them the truth.
Everyone turned. So you don't have to disarm the public. Actually, you can arm the public and
the public will take care of the job for you once you control their mind.
[00:43:22] MATTHEW REARDON:
Once you control their mind. Exactly.
[00:43:24] JAY ANDREWS:
Don't want this mark. Whatever the mark ends up being. You don't want it. Well, it's the same
thing as the shot. Look how they treated people who didn't want the shot.
[00:43:34] MATTHEW REARDON:
We're definitely in a spiritual battle, that's for sure.
[00:43:39] JAY ANDREWS:
It's...
[00:43:40] MATTHEW REARDON:
It's definitely... you know, I saw your post about David versus Goliath. And, you know, I don't
know if you've seen all the times that I've referenced that this is a David versus Goliath battle.
This is truly... I mean, I've been facing down all this power with virtually no resources, but
with a determination and a refusal to back down and to go away. And, you know, it would be
so easy to make me disappear. I feel like there's basically been a shroud of protection around
me. I mean, I believe 100% in my heart I'm doing the right thing. I'm doing what's needed,
you know. The evil has to be exposed at any cost, and I guess that's what's made me a
whistleblower in many ways.
[00:44:30] JAY ANDREWS:
I'll give you a few more facts on David. Do you know who wrote about the battle of David
and Goliath?
[00:44:37] MATTHEW REARDON:
It was...
[00:44:38] JAY ANDREWS:
It was Samuel.
[00:44:39] MATTHEW REARDON:
Samuel.
[00:44:40] JAY ANDREWS:
Which prophet. David wrote a lot, but he never once wrote about killing Goliath. So what we
perceive as his greatest battle, he never mentioned. He wrote about other victories that he
himself thought were great victories. But so basically the point of it is your greatest victory,
you don't always realize it's your greatest victory. Other people will realize it. So you just
keep doing what you do, and then other people will see victories out of it. But also another
thing I've got from David and Goliath is God didn't hand David a crown. He gave him
Goliath. So he's not gonna hand you a crown. He's gonna put the giant in front of you. You
have your opportunity to take the crown.
[00:45:28] MATTHEW REARDON:
And my grandparents, you know, they are devout Southern Baptists and it bothers me to hear
my grandfather and my grandmother saying that I should just give it up and move on, that I'm
not going to be able to do anything about this. And it's like, well, do you not remember in the
Bible where David took down Goliath with a single stone? The what seemed like the
impossible became possible. People that were devout Christians that were followers of Jesus
spent time in prison. I went to prison because I pled out to something that I didn't do. And
then I was further framed. But it's certainly tested my belief and I believe it's really shown
where others' belief truly is because to walk away and to just basically allow what's going on
to happen and to just basically turn a blind eye and shrug it off, to me, that's not an option.
The Marine in me comes out. I can't... I mean, it's like breathing. It's like a natural thing. For
me to walk away is basically to put a gun in my hand and say pull the trigger.
[00:46:55] JAY ANDREWS:
Yeah.
[00:46:56] MATTHEW REARDON:
I don't...
[00:46:57] JAY ANDREWS:
No, I mean, I'm with you. Hey, Matthew, listen, I got an appointment here.
[00:47:03] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah, brother.
[00:47:04] JAY ANDREWS:
I got to get going. You got me on Facebook.
[00:47:08] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah, I got you.
[00:47:09] JAY ANDREWS:
So okay, if you need something, message me. Feel free to delete that comment under your
video.
[00:47:16] MATTHEW REARDON:
Yeah. Because I want to keep you safe. And I'll send over an affidavit. Whenever I have it, I'll
send over an affidavit and, you know, anything. If you wanted to change anything on it or if
you want to fill in the information, man, it'll help. It'll go a long ways for you and for this
right here.
[00:47:38] JAY ANDREWS:
All right. Yeah, send it over. I'll take a look at it.
[00:47:42] MATTHEW REARDON:
All right, my brother. Hey, good talking to you, Jay.
[00:47:46] JAY ANDREWS:
You too. Be safe.
[00:47:48] MATTHEW REARDON:
All right, you too.
[00:47:50] JAY ANDREWS:
Bye.
[END OF TRANSCRIPT]
Total Duration: Approximately 47 minutes, 50 seconds
CERTIFICATION
This transcript represents a complete and accurate transcription of a telephone conversation
between Matthew Oliver Reardon and Jay Andrews on November 20, 2025. The conversation
pertains to the death of PFC Bradley Norman Dante Foust on May 10, 2008, at Marine
Combat Training East, Camp Devil Dog, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
Key Evidentiary Elements:
Direct witness testimony from two Marines present at Camp Devil Dog on May 10, 2008
Confirmation of Marine Corps sergeant's explicit statement identifying the death as
suicide
Documentation of VA benefits denials based on inability to "verify" the incident
Corroboration of institutional cover-up and false classification as "training accident"
Identification of additional witnesses and Marine Corps personnel
Date of Preparation: November 20, 2025