Court Transcript - GRAMA Request Call
All right.
So the next person I want to
I'll call Matt Wilson.
Come on, open up.
I'm not available right now, but if you'll leave a detailed message.
I'll be sure and get right back to you. Thank you.
At the tone, please record your message. When you have finished recording, you
may hang up or press 1 for more options.
Matt Wilson, this is Don Matthews. I was calling to talk to you about that
grandma request And I got a couple of questions for you.
About it because actually um I need to get that.
That grammar request like since y'all since y'all have it I need to figure out
how I can get in. If I need to give you my My P.O. Box, then I'll do that so
that it immediately gets released but i mean i
I do have questions about the scram request. Please give me a call back.
At 385. 350-3998.
385-350-3998. Thank you.
Shut down fine link that time. All right. Well, then what we're going to do now
is we're just going to have to call Kylie Earl.
That's the only other one that we're going to be able to get to the bottom of.
Eight, four, five. She works with you. Morgan County Sheriff's Office.
Earl with the Morgan County Attorney's Office. You know what? I got an even
better idea.
I've got a much better idea. It's so.
I'm looking for a story. On this because it's on this It's downright wrong.
Okay it was uh there's definitely some fishy stuff going on with the scram
request.
And I want to get to the bottom of it. I'm not going to get to the bottom of it
truly on the phone. And in fact, if you notice right there, they're not
answering their phones. So I have every reason to believe that
They're probably trying to duck and dodge. The one thing you can't duck and
dodge being a public building public employees You can't dodge going to work.
So I guess I'm going to go to Morgan. And I'm going to find out the answers to
these questions.
And I've got my PO box. So if I have to I will drop it.
Oh, dropped P.O. Box. I've added? Don Matthews to the post office box.
So that's what we're going to do then. We're going to go to mortgage.
This is Don Matthews. We in People News. See you shortly over there.
Morgan?
Page 1