FILED 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYET 
2020 NOV 25 PM 3:09 
Phyllis Marie Crowder-Kester 
Plaintiff/Petitioner 
Vs 
Matthew Oliver Reardon 
то 
Cause # CV2016-422W 
Defendant/Respondent/Movant 
Petition for Permission to Interlocutory Appeal to the Mississippi Supreme Court 
Pursuant to Rule 5 of the Mississippi Rules for Appellate Procedure (MRAP), Matthew Reardon, 
The Respondent/Defendant in the above captioned cause files this his petition for permission to 
Interlocutory Appeal to the Mississippi Supreme Court. Movant states that this petition is filed in good 
timing and most certainly with good merit based on grounds for which relief through interlocutory appeal 
may be sought. Movant would affirm that he has continued to sustain repetitive injuries at the baseless, 
frivolous, and vindictive hands of the petitioner, the petitioner's legal counsel, along with the State of 
Mississippi. Movant states that he each motion brought before this court has been prejudicially ignored with 
preferential treatment shown to the petitioner in this cause the entire time despite the fact that petitioner has 
had a history of filing false reports and this very cause will show the furtherance of petitioner's continued 
behavior which is not only morally incomprehensible, but in fact rises to the level of criminal conduct by 
flagrant and uncaring violations of MS 97-7-10 "Fraudulent Statements and Representations" along with 
MS Code Ann 97-1-1 "Conspiracy" which the State of Mississippi has refused to acknowledge, condemn, 
and deter despite petitioner meeting literally every criteria of the statute needed for indictment by a Grand 
Jury. Yet through what would easily appear to be culpable negligence at the hands of state actors acting 
under the color of law, she has continued to get away with the intentional infliction of injuries upon 
respondent/movant and this court is further feeding into it by immorally changing a standing order when 
absolutely no evidence was produced and court proceedings delayed, 
the 
Movant further demonstrates the preferential treatment shown through his filing of a Motion to 
Dismiss, Or, Alterative, to Transfer Venue filed 11/16/2020 on the basis that venue, while jurisdictionally 
.. 
is proper, is in fact improper in the Chancery Court of Lafayette County, Mississippi due to reasons of 
constitutional law, equity sought in counterclaims by the respondent due to the injuries sustained, zero 
evidence produced upfront as a way of justifying nine months of contempt in violating a visitation order, 
and a jury demand by respondent/movant for these reasons stated and stray away from the constitutional 
norm and lack of acknowledgment by this court on any of the motions/petitions filed with this court. This 
motion is attached to this filing as "EXHIBIT A". It would most certainly appear that any response or 
forward motion brought by movant is destined to fall upon blind eyes and deaf ears, despite all evidence 
almost certainly warranting the dismissal of petitioner's cause. Petitioner along with this court moved on 
their own to enter an order of supervised visitation and appointment of Guardian Ad Litem which was 
drafted by petitioner's attorney, accepted, signed by the judge, and filed by this court UNSIGNED by the 
movant despite his "motion to dismiss or transfer" being open, unanswered, and ignored by this court. Order 
filed adjudged without movants signature is attached as EXHIBIT B. 
Despite serious issues of law, ethics, and criminal wrongdoing raised and alleged, none of this 
mattered. It is entirely the opinion of the movant that influence along with ongoing pending litigation over 
extreme civil rights violations committed through officials of Lafayette County have in turn created what 
movant cites as a "Constitutional Crisis" by way of trying to "FIX" a desirable outcome through the 
initiation of legal frivolous and undeserving proceedings done with ill intention and further using the 
pressure of keeping movant's minor child from him to make him "cave on a matter". This was precisely 
the case in May of 2017 and Movant has been consistent in stating the same claims about how his minor 
child was used as a manipulation tool of the courts by the minor child's mother for her own personal gain 
whom by ways of collusion and criminal conspiracy plotted and in many ways were successful in 
eliminating or reducing the legal liability stemming from the actions of certain individuals and Officials in 
Lafayette County Mississippi whom will be named in a separate court filing. The fact that this court allows 
her to carry on despite her claims raised as complete lies and in light of her having a history of pathological 
lying through the false reporting of crimes is an absolute shame and one that should question the validity 
of other rulings or if this was simply isolated. While movant has continued to gain more legal knowledge 
especially in the composing of briefs, motions, petitions, and responses which most certainly will fair to his 
advantage in the future as an attorney should he choose to pursue that, true justice is nowhere in sight. 
Movant asserts and affirms through multiple recent examples including this cause that there has 
been a clearly shown lack of adherence and care to the equal protections under the laws which are afforded 
to all citizens under the Fourteenth Amendment to The United States Constitution. A system designed to 
provide due process and one that should stay uninfluenceable and non-biased would appear to have drifted 
away from acceptable norms that would gamer and keep the trust of citizens now is clouded with 
uncertainty, all appearances of influence controlled, and quite frankly has gone on tilt, continuously 
spiraling further and further out of control. The first question movant would pose is what good are laws 
and why were laws instituted if they can be so bludgeoned and blatantly abused, even when such abuse is 
brought to the attention of those tasked with upholding and enforcing such laws? Docs the State of 
Mississippi actually condone this type of behavior and even more so do they condone the culpably negligent 
actors whom are fully aware of it and allow the continuation of such, despite the damage continuously 
inflicted by the victim whom has exhausted remedies in seeking immediate relief from the Government 
whom is tasked with protecting its citizens by way of providing equal protections under its law. Our Country 
has operated under the policy in name of Innocent until Proven Guilty in a court of law. I say in name, 
because it's something that exists clearly just to sound good and give off false hope to anyone suffering at 
the hands of a completely flawed criminal justice system when in fact all too often the accused is looked at 
and treated as guilty until they prove their innocence. That fact is made blatantly clear in this cause, and it 
couldn't be any clearer. After two scheduled hearings the petitioner has not produced one single strand of 
evidence which would even suggest that she has a valid, non-frivolous claim and in fact every motion and 
response filed by respondent/movant has stated in fact very serious claims of petitioner having a history of 
making false reports and that movant was advised multiple times that the petitioner was "lying through her 
teeth" and that they would never assert anything of the such which petitioner has asserted now on three 
separately filed documents filed with this court under signed and sworn affidavit. Has this court even one 
time considered an obvious most certain guarantee that law enforcement would have been involved had any 
of petitioner's claims been true. There would have been some report by the proper agency and authorities 
brought before this court and shown up front as grounds to keep a father from his normal scheduled 
visitation with his child for 10 months now. Even more concerning is the fact that movant was barred from 
even seeing his child by the petitioner in this cause despite her being in receipt of $600 in child support paid 
every month further aggrieving financial hardship on movant's now family of five due to the amount being 
far outside of allowable guidelines established but was agreed to 4 years ago when movant's financial 
situation was different. 
Do laws no longer matter or is there a second set of laws that apply to certain individuals, because 
if so, the movant sure never got the memo. There was a time where the fear of receiving a hefty punishment 
by incarceration for perjurious statements made and especially those made under affidavit. This kept moral, 
legal, and judicial integrity in check. Yet despite cach signed, SWORN affidavit given by 
movant/respondent, this court has failed to acknowledge and clearly overlooked including its details going 
unread. Otherwise a court tasked with looking out for the best interest of the child would never make the 
ruling that it did further inflicting injuries to movant by way of his child and inflicting injuries to the child 
by allowing her mother to forcefully keep the child from her loving and caring father whom has met every 
obligation including a psychological evaluation ordered by this court in 2017 which showed that movant 
was mentally sound, stable, and a caring parent whom should have his child. Yet this court continuously 
controversially has sided with petitioner and further clearly condoned and supported her petitions which 
were brought solely in malice and retaliation for petitioner getting charged with filing a false police report. 
The movant acknowledges that a Chancellor has a good bit of leeway and discretion, however movant is of 
the upmost opinion that this trial court has completely abused its discretion and authority by allowing the 
petitioner and her legal counsel to dictate everything in this cause, further aggrieving intentionally casted 
damage upon movant. Petitioner first fast-filed her petition at the end of August due to trial for the false 
reporting of a crime being in September. All of this after illegally and immorally holding the minor child 
from her father for 7 months and in doing so being in gross contempt of the standing visitation order. 
Movant would further show that all of this including documented events over the past 4 years would 
undoubtedly paint the picture of the petitioner being mentally unstable through numerous admissions that 
she has made, with the end goal since the beginning being to permanently remove the father of her child 
from her child's life. This was made crystal clear through not only her heinous and immoral false 
accusations made and proven false, but this proceeding where she is trying to dictate outcomes and put 
movant on an undeserving supervised visitation to help justify her cooked up lies and on-going criminal 
conspiracy which this court is not only condoning, but playing a material part in. It should be very easy for 
this court to see that the end goal is to label a caring and deserving father as uncaring and undeserving, and 
this is even clearer to see when assessing an email that movant received by petitioner's other legal counsel 
for her criminal matter, in which the adjudged sentence just vanished prior to appeal at the hands of 
abhorrent lics and collusion. Email by prior attorney will be attached to this petition as evidence and labeled 
EXHIBIT C and details surrounding the further enabling of this issue through complete neglect is entered 
as EXHIBITD and is publicly accessible through the web address BANISHTHIS.COM. 
This type morally incomprehensible behavior is one that will almost certainly lead to the decay and 
destruction of our society and most certainly the removal of the expectation of equality, fairness, and 
protections under the laws that are supposed to be guaranteed to all United States Citizens. As a Marine 
Corps Veteran, Movant harshly condemns this abominable treatment, and would further state that this 
complete usurping and allowing of the other party to dictate conditions and orders contrary to her being in 
gross and willful contempt of the standing order prior to this is unfortunately yet another example of the 
type of sub-par treatment given to those who dedicate their lives to the Defense of the United States of 
America and its constitution by the clear usurping unchecked power granted to the government by its own 
citizens which is then manipulated, mutilated and molested. 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Movant submits his grievances against this court, the opposing party, and the State of Mississippi for 
their continued allowance and condoning of this constitutional crisis and intentional infliction of injury on 
America and its constitution by the clear usurping unchecked power granted to the government by its own 
citizens which is then manipulated, mutilated and molested. 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Movant submits his grievances against this court, the opposing party, and the State of Mississippi for 
their continued allowance and condoning of this constitutional crisis and intentional infliction of injury on 
movant and with everything stated hereby requests this court to answer movants motion to “dismiss or in the 
alternative to transfer to circuit court". If this court will not dismiss with prejudice, then Movant requests 
the written permission of this court to take leave from this court to appeal this decision via Interlocutory Appeal 
to the Mississippi Supreme Court due to further constitutional rights and freedoms attacked and further called 
into question. Movant believes given the aforementioned facts stated and through jurisprudence that Dismissal 
of the Petitioner's original petition most certainly is warranted if they cannot immediately produce any credible 
evidence to substantiate their claim. Movant would formally request that the court read his filed motions and 
petition done under sworn affidavit and movant asserts that his statements have been given freely and 
voluntarily, given under penalty of perjury for false statements, and movant further asserts that he has provided 
all factual knowledge to the best of his ability. One of the parties clearly is in gross, willful violation of perjury 
movant would show that not immediately dismissing and further holding a hearing to hold the perjurious party 
accountable would be contradictive to all morals and integrity of this court and other courts throughout this state. 
This type of criminal nonsense and initiation of false legal proceedings must be stopped, and it starts in the 
courts. Movant also prays for any other special or general relief to which he may be entitled. 
Respectfully Submitted This 25th Day of November 2020 
Matthew Reardon | Respondent/Defendant/Movant 
OF MISSISS 
NOTARY 
STATE 
****** 
PUBLIC 
ID # 125738 
ANNIE BAKER Commission Expires, Oct. 16, 2022 
YETTE 
Annie Baker Date: Nov. 25, 2020 
COUNTY 
Notary: 
FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI 
LAFA 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
2020 NOV 16 PM 3:27 
Phyllis Marie Crowder-Kester 
Vs 
Matthew Reardon 
Plaintiff/Petitioner 
IJ 
-Cause # CV2016-422W 
Defendant/Respondent 
MOTION TO DISMISS OR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, TO TRANSFER VENUE 
Pursuant to Miss. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(3), Matthew Reardon, The Respondent/Defendant in the above captioned cause files this Motion to Dismiss, Or, Altemative, to Transfer Venue on the basis that venue is improper in the Chancery Court of Lafayette County, Mississippi due to reasons of constitutional law, equity sought by respondent, and a jury demand by respondent/movant for these reasons stated. Due to other legal matters involving Lafayette County which are ongoing in which movant has asserted and continues to assert influence by opposing council along with select others prejudicing both prior as well as ongoing legal matters- which includes the opposing council in this matter, Mona Pittman and Christi McCoy who was in attendance during today's proceedings, and who represents the plaintiff as defense council in a separate matter. Movant asserts that he feels he cannot receive a fair ruling and one congruent with the constitution without a jury trial after this court ignored the statutory requirement placed upon the court of innocence until proven guilty. Movant feels he brought forth the evidence required to cast complete doubt on the plaintiff's claims especially being they haven't produced one sliver of evidence to back the baseless, slanderous, and defaming claims they made against Defendant and his wife. Nonetheless, as like the prior legal matter three years ago which is currently on appeal to the Supreme Court, the movant here was ultimately looked at in the eyes of this court as guilty until he could prove himself and his wife innocent in which movant had the evidence of and detailed out in his motions and petitions filed which include 3 separate calls with Department of Childs Services where they state 
Exhibit A А 
the plaintiff in this cause is lying and in gross contempt. Plaintiff in this cause recently pled out to filing 
a false report of Rape on the Defendant and has a history of pathological lying. Therefore based on the 
clear inconsistencies shown during today's hearing, movant asserts this to be a matter he seeks out a trial 
by a jury of his peers and further asserts that a trial which would show the plaintiff bringing false, 
perjuring claims in an ongoing criminal conspiracy against the Defendant would negate any need for a 
Guardian Ad Litem and potentially tainted result for Defendant being that Guardian Ad Litem was at 
first named by Plaintiff's Attorney whom is at the center of pending litigation due to what the Defendant 
in this cause asserts as direct involvement in his criminal framing along with a high preponderance of 
her playing a significant part in his incarceration awaiting trial denying him rights of due process and 
certain constitutional rights. As a USMC Veteran, Movant strongly condemns this type of treatment, 
and moves for treatment guaranteed by due process under and congruent with the Constitution. 
Respondent states that other pending legal matters he is initiating against the adverse party including 
intentional torts of civil wrongdoing that which movant would assert meets and exceeds the criteria of 
organized crime and conspiracy that has been committed on behalf of the plaintiff in this cause. As such, 
movant doesn't feel he is receiving proper care to the issue at hand which has already shown to be prejudicial to movant and raising real constitutional concerns which movant feels should be heard and decided by trial and jury of his peers, or on oral argument to the Mississippi Supreme Court on interlocutory appeal should movant's motion to dismiss order entered by this court or transfer venue to 
circuit court not be granted. 
The Complaint identifies the Defendant as an adult resident citizen of Lafayette County. This is correct. Thus, is domiciled in Lafayette County. The cause of action involves the alleged abuse of a minor child in which plaintiff's claim was closed out unsubstantiated by Department of Child Services, Led to no notification of law enforcement which almost certainly would have happened leading in turn to an investigation which quite frankly was not the case, further the plaintiff has gone in gross contempt of the 
3 
established visitation order established by this court for 9 months not allowing communication or 
scheduled visitation with the respondent despite his continued child support obligations of $600 per 
month being rendered to the plaintiff every month. All of this was done in retaliation of the plaintiff 
being prosecuted by Olive Branch Police Department for her knowingly false reporting and further 
conspired reporting that the respondent/movant had raped her which couldn't have been further from the 
truth. Such accusations on both the respondent/movant as well as his spouse have resulted in emotional 
trauma due to knowingly false, slanderous, and defaming statements and accusations made, and has 
further created conflict and marital issues between the respondent and his spouse, as such it is the movant 
and his spouse's intention to immediately bring a cause for action for Slander, Defamation of Character, 
Libel, Tortious Interference, Abuse of Process, Malicious Prosecution, and Civil Conspiracy against the 
Plaintiff in this cause and her spouse, along with bringing appropriate legal remedies against the 
plaintiff's counsel for knowingly playing a part in the ongoing conspiracy and intentional criminal 
framing of the respondent for the part that she so carelessly played. 
WHEREFORE, Movant Matthew Reardon respectfully requests this Court to dismiss the action brought 
forth by the plaintiff due to absolutely ZERO evidence produced at the SECOND scheduled hearing to 
back their baseless claims especially after 9 months of being in contempt of this court's child visitation 
schedule. Movant further respectfully requests for this court to rescind its order entered 11/16/2020, or, 
in the alternative, to transfer this action to the Circuit Court of Lafayette County based on improper 
venue due to the amount of equity sought in counterclaim, the seriousness of the nature and harm steadily 
aggrieved by the movant and his spouse from such, and a jury demand by movant. 
Movant further states his full intent to appeal by interlocutory appeal to the Mississippi Supreme Court 
should this motion not be heard and denied. Movant prays for any additional relief the Court may deem 
proper in such motion. 
Respectfully Submitted This 16th Day of November 2020 
Matthew Reardon Respondant/Defendant/Movant 
FILED 
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
IN THE CHANCERY COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI 
2020 NOV 19 AM 
PHYLLIS MARIE CROWDER-KESTER 
VS. 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PLAINTIFF 
то 
CAUSE NO. CV2016-422(W) 
DEFENDANT 
TEMPORARY ORDER 
THIS MATTER was heard on the Petition for Modification and Other Relief and the 
Motion for Appointment of Guardian Ad Litem filed by Plaintiff on November 16, 2020, and the 
Court having heard testimony from the parties hereby orders as follows: 
1. 
That this matter is continued to January 28, 2021 at the Lafayette County Chancery 
Building beginning at 9:30 a.m. or until such time as the same may be heard. 
2. That until this matter is heard on the above referenced date, Matthew Oliver 
Reardon may exercise supervised visitation with the parties' minor child from 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 
p.m. on Saturdays and Sundays, beginning Saturday, November 28th from 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 
and Sunday, November 29th from 9:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m. and every other Saturday and Sunday from 
9:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. thereafter. The following persons are authorized by this Court to supervise 
said visitation: 
3. 
a. 
b. 
C. 
d. 
e. 
Wes Gilmore; 
Elizabeth Reardon; 
Amanda Wells; 
Trish Burke; and/or 
Michelle Burke. 
That the monthly child support amount ordered to be paid by Matthew Oliver 
Reardon is hereby reduced from $600.00 per month to $400.00 per month beginning December 1, 
2020. 
Exhibit B 
7 
* 
4. That the Honorable Lori Solinger is hereby appointed as Guardian Ad Litem as will 
be outlined in a separate Order by this Court. 
SO ORDERED, on this the day of November, 2020. 
Don Hatha Apecial Chanellen 
CHANCELLOR 
Prepared by: 
Mona T. Pittman (MSB # 9754) 
Counsel for Plaintiff 
1403 East Jackson Avenue 
P.O. Box 2958 
Oxford, MS 38655 
(662) 234-9346 Telephone (662) 234-9748 Facsimilie mona@panola.com 
Matthew Reardon Pro Se Defendant 
When Freedom is Outlawed, Only The Outlaws Will Be Free 
Forwarded message 
From: cmccoy@nmris.com<cmccoy@nmrls.com> 
To: "matt@ridingwiththeoutlaw.com"<matt@ridingwiththeoutlaw.com> Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 16:53:20 -0600 
Subject: Resolution of issues 
Forwarded message 
Hi Matt. 
I want to clarify something. I had nothing to do with the chancery filing in August and my role was totally separate from that chancery matter. Any assertion that I used chancery for some benefit in Olive Branch is incorrect. I am not sure what your theory is but I want to be clear - I had nothing to do with that. 
I DID tell the Court there was a chancery filing and I explained why that was important to the case. Maybe you couldn't hear me and I know you have asked the Courts to explain our position so I will try. 
You and Liz have a child. All of these allegations and court hearings are pushing yall further and further apart as parents. I told Judge Shumake she wanted to resolve the charges because yall have a child together and were going to chancery court to deal with that child. Liz did not want to put either of yall through the anger and pain of a trial. 
I supported that move in an effort to get that behind yall and focus on the child. 
At this point I don't know if it is possible for yall to co parent. I would hope so but so much water under the bridge... 
I serve as a guardian ad litem in tons of cases and I have rarely seen a couple so at odds with one another. And I am not pointing fingers. It is what it is and there is plenty of blame to go around. 
I know child support has been a major issue for you and I am glad Judge Whitwell reduced it temporarily if that will help the situation. If Liz dropped all child support would you agree to limited visitation? It might be in Lydia's best interest for the time being given what you are dealing with. 
You have a lot on your plate right now and honestly, it seems as if your life is a pressure cooker. Again, not a judgment, just the facts. I do wish you had counsel to at least give you some guidance if not represent you. And my job with the Victims Assistance Program does not prevent you from having an attorney from Legal Services. It is just that your case is not acceptable under current guidelines. 
Also - Lori Solinger - she is hardcore for the child and the best of the best. She will call it exactly as she sees it. Trust me - she has ruled against my clients more than once and while I didn't LIKE her recommendation, it was the correct one. You will be fine with her. Just give her a chance. 
Please consider how the scenarios with Liz and Lydia can be resolved for everyone's best interest. I thought I would shoot you an email. I have not discussed with Liz. I am just working on another guardian ad litem case this afternoon and it made me think of yall. You and Liz are grownups. Surely yall can come up with a way to resolve this part of the chaos. 
I do not represent Liz in chancery - I am there in the role as an advocate only. That said, can help yall two resolve this, I will do my best. 
if I 
Christi McCoy 
[Exhibit Cl 
Exhibit D 
BANISHTHIS.com 
1 evidence 
video Evidence