IN THE JUSTICE COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY (STATE OF MS) 
VS 
MATTHEW OLIVER REARDON 
PLAINTIFF 
DOCKET NO 
9290609 92906010 
DEFENDANT 
MOTION FOR DISMISSAL OR IN THE ALTERNATIVE TO TRANSFER 
Comes now, Matthew Reardon, your Defendant, and brings his motion for Dismissal or in the alternative 
to transfer venue to an alternative jurisdiction outside of Lafayette County, Mississippi else Defendant 
hereby gives notice of his intention to immediately petition the US District Court for the Northern 
District of Mississippi for emergency injunctive relief and the determination of jurisdiction in this cause 
due to all reasons of prejudice and biasness which the Plaintiff in this matter is well aware of and 
shouldn't need to be reminded. Without waiving any of his rights, Defendant/Movant hereby enters 
his plea of NOT GUILTY and hereby gives his Answer. 
1) Movant asserts that this complaint stemmed from what easily appears to show that defendant was 
retaliated upon by Deputy Courtney Dixon whom knew and had issues with the Defendant prior due 
to his filming of a Documentary called "RIDING WITH THE OUTLAW" in an effort to seek 
vindication and justice for the criminal acts aggrieved upon him. Deputy Dixon is seen during one 
of Defendant's more recent video releases approximately two months prior threatening Defendant 
with arrest and further "FISHING" for irrevelant information in order to try to arrest Defendant for 
some reason or another. This all ends with Dixon asking another Deputy if he would like to "WRITE 
UP A REPORT" on the Defendant simply for Defendant being at Sheriff's Department conducting 
an independant investigation and trying to ascertain answers to a particular grievance as to why MAJOR ALLEN WILBURN would not produce evidence to an Untrue. Libelous, and Defaming 
3) It was the following day, 12/28/2020 that Defendant drove to Lafayette County Sheriff's Office to 
await the Sheriff in order to confront him in person so as to attempt to compel the assistance of the 
Sheriff, as it is Lafayette County Jurisdiction in which the major issues stem. Defendant parked next 
to Sheriff Joey East's vehicle and awaited the Sheriff outside so he could obtain some type of answer 
from the Sheriff, a Publicly Elected position in which providing such answer should be an obligation. 
that most certainly is backed by the protections of Defendant's First Amendment Right to Petition 
the Government for a redress of Grievances. Soon after Deputy Dixon came out with Deputy Omar 
Ahmed. Dixon told Defendant to move his car to which Defendant replied he would happily do so 
once he spoke with the Sheriff, as at this point it was clear the Sheriff was intentionally avoiding 
him. The Deputy then said Defendant had to "Move it now or be arrested for Disorderly Conduct". 
Defendant simply tried to ask how awaiting the Sheriff could be considered Disorderly Conduct. 
while in the process of moving his car to another spot when this off-tilt, completely perturbed 
Sheriff's Deputy told Defendant he was under arrest and proceeded to grabbing Defendant and 
throwing him on the ground using extremely excessive force. Clearly Demonstrating his dislike of 
Defendant in the way he used extremely excessive force in the way he made the arrest. In the 
process, Defendant's head was struck against the ground along with his cell phone being thrown. It 
is the impression of Defendant that this was done in an effort to damage or destroy evidence although 
Defendant can't make such claim with 100% certainty without seeing the video recordings from the 
outdoor cameras. By this time the Sheriff was outside just watching like a spectator would watch a 
sports game. Defendant never resisted arrest even though Mississippi is one of the few states that 
actually allows the resisting of an unlawful, undeserving, and unconstitutional arrest which 
Defendant states in assurance is exactly what this was. Defendant was then restrained for upwards 
of at least an hour in a restraint chair with his hands tied uncomfortably behind the chair while jailers 
and inmates watched. The Sheriff still refused to talk to Defendant about his grievances. 
4) Defendant received a bond amount of $500 the next day. Defendant and his spouse arranged for bond to 
be paid, and upon the bonding agent and Defendant's Spouse arriving between the hours of 5pm-6pm, they were turned away after being told Lafayette County Sheriff was invoking some "special authority" 
to personally sign off on Defendants bond and would do so the next day after he personally spoke with Defendant. The Sheriff waited until the afternoon on the 30th of December before pulling Defendant into 
a room and discussing with him his tactics and assertiveness in a court room and in the way he has sought justice and vindication, classifying it as wrong when it was this very department along with the malice acts of the District Attorney's Office that outrageously destroyed the rights and life of defendant just 3 
years prior and once again used fear and arrest as a tactic in their arsenal to try to sway a favorable outcome. Defendant asserts this amounts to False Arrest and Unlawful Detention among others 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Defendant requests that this cause be immediately dismissed or in the alternative to be transferred due 
to the grievances stated within otherwise Defendant counter-claims in the amount of $5,000,000 (Five 
Million) in damages thus making the Jurisdiction improper in the Justice Court. 
Respectfully Submitted this 14th Day of January 2021 
R 
Matthew Reardon 
The Pro Se Defendant/Litigant 
117 CR 401 
Oxford, MS 38655 
662-812-1613 
matt@mattreardon.com