IN THE JUSTICE COURT OF LAFAYETTE COUNTY MISSISSIPPI 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY, MS 
PROSECUTION 
VS 
MATTHEW REARDON 
CAUSE NO. 9290609 
9290610 
DEFENDANT 
Motion to Dismiss with Prejudice or in the Alternative to Compel Production of Evidence 
Comes now before this court. Matthew Reardon, your Defendant, and respectfully moves this court to Dismiss the criminal charges brought forth against him or in the alternative to compel immediate cooperation from the prosecution in regards to the items laid out in his Subpoena Duces lecum. Movant would show good reason and completely legitimate grounds warranting either an immediate dismissal with prejudice or compelling the prosecutor of Lafayette County to comply, and would hereby state before this court the following facts and reasons 
which warrant such relief as sought: 
1) That on January 21 2021 Defendant filed with this court a Motion to Dismiss or in the alternative to transfer In 
said Motion, Defendant stated numerous violations that had been aggrieved by Defendant at the hands of Deputies 
and Officials acting under color of law along with demonstrating that he came to the Sheriffs Department with a 
particular grievance for the Sheriff after the Sheriff read and ignored emails sent from Defendant. Motion filed 
with this court is attached as Exhibit A 
2) That Defendant attempted to communicate with Lafayette County General Counsel David O'Donnell on January 19th, 2021 seeking answer as to if Lafayette County was going to cooperate in Defendant's discovery requests or if Defendant should proceed with obtaining that which he was seeking via Subpoena Duces Tecum an effort of good faith in order to avoid further delay. Defendant received a "Read Receipt from the County Attorney, however and to no surprise received no response. Defendant knew at that point that he would have to get the evidence in 
question which he was seeking via nothing shy of a Subpoena Duces Tecum in order to afford Defendant a fair. meaningful, and non-biased hearing. Otherwise Defendant stands to not receive a fair trial and as a result would most certainly need a transfer of venue to an outside jurisdiction 
3) That on January 27th, 2021 Defendant's had a Subpoena Duces Tecum properly served on Lafayette County Chancery Clerk Sherry Wall due to Attorney O'Donnell showing a refusal to cooperate by refusing to respond. On February 4, 2021 the Prosecutor for Lafayette County. Bela J Chain responded motion to quash Defendant' Subpoena Duces Tecum. Executed Subpoena Duces Tecum attached as Exhibit B and Prosecution's Motion to Quash is attached as Exhibit C. 
4) That in the production of what the prosecution inferred to be discovery material requested. it overlooked several requests of Defendant. further inferring that the production of such WOULD cause irreparable harm on the Lafayette County Sheriff Department/Detention Center. However what the Prosecution fails to consider is the irreparable harm aggrieved upon Defendant by the malice acts of this department in 2017 and further extended beyond that Defendant agrees in part that indeed the evidence sought stands a chance in aggrieving irreparable harm if they do indeed further demonstrate intentional, wrongful, and immoral acts aggrieved upon Defendant at the hands of officers and officials acting under color of law. However, the particular camera footage Defendant seeks does not expose the department to any security risks and is completely relevant to Defendant's cause that he stands trial for as Defendant reassurts that this arrest was unwarranted and stemmed from defendant being Targeted" by this department by acts and ways meant to hinder and burden defendant through intimidation and fear tactics in what easily shows to be an ongoing conspiracy to cover up and rid extreme liability that Lafayette County. It's Sheriff's Department and certain employees, along with the State of Mississippi knowingly created in 2017, and in doing such have blatantly refused to afford Defendant the equal protections under the laws of the state and federal despite repetitive attempts attempting to get this department to do so. 
5) A security camera is mounted almost directly in front of Sheriff East's Parking Spot which offers additional vantage points as clear misconduct is observed on the camera footage shown and provided by the Prosecutor. 
Defendant had an audio recorder in his front shirt pocket which captured audio up until he was thrown on the 
ground. This is matched up with the vantage point provided and at no point did Defendant EVER tell Deputy 
Courtney Dixon "No" during the brief exchange, yet Deputy Dixon and Deputy Tidwell both attest that 
Defendant used that very word not once, not twice, but three separate times. Defendant attaches a DVD of this 
arrest with audio and demonstrating different areas of serious concern. What is it that the Prosecutor wants so 
badly to shield with him not releasing the camera closest to the action? There are numerous erroneous acts in 
the camera footage which further show that this was an event of celebration to the Sheriffs Department to further 
destroy a man that simply sought out equal protections of the law as he was steadily being victimized through 
bizarre acts of his ex which this department has continued to allow, and through allowing it condoned it especially 
when It continued refusing to answer the cry for help and further sought to arrest the defendant yet again who 
needed answers and accountability for such refusal to act. 
6) Defendant assumed even that would be a fight as the prosecutor demonstrated this in his motion to quash Subpoena 
Duces Tecum. Although the Lafayette County Prosecutor did respond in a timely manner with his motion as 
required by the 10-Day Window specified in the Subpoena. the information the Prosecutor provided was 
selectively chosen and came nowhere in the vicinity of complying with the requests that Defendant had sought. 
which the lack of such would be prejudicial to Defendant, further denying him a fair and non-biased hearing. 
further denying movant the equal protections of the laws and the rights afforded to all accused to in effectively 
proving that the arrest in question was completely unwarranted and further amounted to excessive force being 
used by the arresting officers (Courtney Dixon and Ethan Tidwell), what would appear by face to be an attempt 
by Deputy Dixon to destroy property of Defendant which contained evidence. Deputy Ethan Tidwell grabbing 
what appears on camera to be Defendant's phone and walking off to the side away from the group before quickly passing device several minutes later to Lt Omar Ahmed in a conspicuous way. A completely outrageous unwarranted and illegal search of Defendant's personal vehicle and belongings in it by what would appear to be 
at least 6 sheriff's deputies within fifteen to twenty minutes of Defendant's arrest. Defendant feels that this was 
done with ill intent and was a clear violation of Defendant's 4th Amendment Rights regardless of what excuse the 
Lafayette County Sheriff's Department gives in answer. 
WHEREFORE ALL PREMISES CONSIDERED 
Defendant hereby requests that the Prosecutions motion to quash be outright denied or be denied at a later date 
after a hearing to determine if grounds to exist to compel the prosecution's production of the requested Items in 
his executed Subpoena Duces Tecum. Defendant is in approval of a teleconference between the assigned judge 
and prosecution, or in person whichever is preferable and can be granted in the quickest way. Otherwise 
Defendant hereby requests this court to dismiss the charges or for the prosecutor to withdraw charges on its own due to the facts surrounding the matter and newly ascertained in order to avoid the burden and expenses of trial. Defendant also hereby attaches and hereby serves a Motion of Discovery upon Lafayette County to obtain any and all evidence that would fall under the guidelines of discovery as outlined in MRCrP Rule 17 including a list of any witnesses it plans to call upon and any evidence it intends to produce at trial. 
Defendant also prays for any other relief be it special or general. for which he may be entitled 
RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED THIS 9TH DAY OF FEBRUARY 2021, 
Matthew Oliver Reardon 
Pro Se Movant/Defendant 
117 CR 401 
Oxford, MS 38655 matt a mattreardon.com 662-812-1613 
LAFAYETTE COUNTY 
FILED 
FEB 0 4 2020 
WITNESS MY SIGNATURE AND OFFICIAL SEAL OF OFFICE THIS 9th DAY QJUSTICE COURT CLERK 
BY 
Jill Carwyle 
20