Source file: 20191215-180156_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1166977560036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch7 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-lowvalue

Hey. Hey. What are do you wanna do stores leave? Oh, I can tell you right now that I am on my way to go pick up dinner. Wearing at home. I mean, I was gonna say. The well, listen that. Actual funeral. Now listen to me. The actual funeral for Christine is tomorrow morning eleven. Hartman Or or heartland? Yes. She died. Yes. Like, Matt, I was there, like, that morning. Dealing with Rocky, the coroner shares deputies, all of that, Like, I mean, as soon as I... It was the morning that all the schools had laid admission, like, you know, because of the weather and stuff. And Mariana founder, like, Chris freestyle out, like, he he immediately messaged me, and it was, like, no joke, like, I take the back from Lafayette buffet back to my house, you know, back and stuff. And I came past Chris's house and and the ambulance was coming down there, and I saw Rocky truck up at the top of the hill, and I was just... It was it was a lot. You know, it's just... It's a lot. Yeah. You know, I mean, it... Christine been in my life as I was 12 years old. And now, you know, Chris is having to raise Marriott. Jt t dot two weeks ago. We're still having a deal with whirlpool and everything holding up the insurance claim and stuff to even do his, you know, cremation get that paid for. Yeah. It's it's it's nuts. Well, I what I was gonna say is originally, I was gonna say of all the times tomorrow would be the worst time. Or or it it this would be the worst time for me to keep with overnight, because I'm I'm starting, some new work tomorrow morning, putting in full solid eight hours allocated it. And But Maddie, I've got a lot of prep work to do right now. Okay. Set I'm having to restore a computer, and then I gotta do a second one, and then I gotta locate everything. But Maddie said that she can, you know, politically can ride with her to drop off emmy in the morning school. And that that she can tag along with her, to go to do some. Just gotta get run some errands. And that way, she's, you know, what is not, you know, in my hair. I don't need any distractions. That was that's is is is Maddie wanting to, like meet up with me in the morning, you know, for me to get Lydia back or, you know, because the funeral is at eleven. No. And I have to be in all brands. Yeah. Tomorrow afternoon or early evening or whatever it's not. Okay. She's gonna eat her some ribs tonight. That's perfectly fine. Just, you know, of course, you know, she brushes her teeth and stuff before bed. Know, that whole thing. You know, I'm cool with that. I mean, I'm not, you know, of course, not gonna keep her from, you know, trying stays. Yeah. Alright. Well, we're about to eat, but I figured I figured it would being this late. Be not hearing anything. Yeah. That probably have been the best bet. That'd be the best. Real. Alright. I mean... I'm cool with that. I mean, that's fine. And, you know, if maddie, you know, okay with it and up for it, You know, I I appreciate that, you know, He following? Yeah. And. It's just just it's been a it's been a lot going on. Yeah. Well, that's that's how wife has been for me. Yeah. But... Okay. I mean, you know, if Maddie cool with that, you know, I'm of course. You know, I'm I'm okay with it. Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to, and my mom will be here, Saturday. Back out on Monday. But took the girls to the mall. You know they charged 40 or $50 just for a kid to sit on Santa's lap and get pictures. It's freaking like, craziest thing I've ever heard him my... I heard of my life. Wow. So, course, you do that. It's That's sound fine though. Yeah. Not for $50 to sit on and whole fat lap. Sounds like a baby call. If it wasn't for all the kids. Oh, wait. Alright. Lower. More about to go ahead and dig dinner, get the girls out. Alright. Yeah take our go home and eat ounce. But don't have a good evening and all that and delta bell and out here tomorrow afternoon. Alright. Y'all have a good night. Y'all too. And I'll let Paige know that Lydia won't be in class tomorrow. Okay. Alright. Which is let, you know, patient knows that, you know, makes mother all passed away and all that. So I mean, it's, you know, she kinda expects Lydia, you know, the possibility that she might be out. So... Yeah. But... Alright. Good deal. Well, holiday in tomorrow. I good. Alright. Bye. Alright. Bye.