Source file: 20191101-144804_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1144407794036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch7 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: mentions-East-lowvalue

Hello? Hello? Hey. Hey. He text me. I was actually gonna reach out and ask you something anyway. So I just figure call. Okay. Yeah. It was oh, we didn't go truck or treating because it was it's so cold. We were going trunk treating, and we got there at the... Didn't realized that it was is an old fire station about fifty about fifteen, twenty minutes away from the house. I only got out there. They were... It was says in the, you know, ending stages of it. So we went and we got yeah. We went, and we got ice cream and you know, we basically kinda... I did a make makeshift Halloween at the house. Oh, okay. So I hate it that it didn't go trick or treating, but it was just so cold and... It was probably best because, honestly, it was so cold. And with Had just gotten over a chest cold, and I know Maddie had mentioned that Emmy was sick. And the girls the girls needed leggings, they're they had pros and costumes and you know, it was like one of those. I felt like going to Walmart to get leggings and put us further behind. So I said, no yeah. So I wanted to see if... K. I wanna see if you do me a favor on a on a weekends swap. Okay. So I know this weekend, and now it's supposed to get her next weekend, should be the third weekend. So next weekend, actually, Saturday, is actually our anniversary. And the girls... We're gonna, you know, take the girls over to, Emmy and, Santa clair. To the Maddie Gray so that we can go out for anniversary. And I was thinking, you know, my sister comes the next weekend the fourteenth, you know, at Friday or ken gets some meet her for the first time. Mh. And so Was thinking, it was just... It it'll probably honestly make the most sense to, maybe swap. And that way, I don't need a third, you know, really, in having three kids over at Maddie grandmother's on top of Her brother being there, which I don't want lydia being around her brother beyond Yeah. I don't company here. Yeah. We can do a swap. I think just make some more sense because, you know, the Chelsea and the kim here following right again. You can go. Alright. Alright. We, yeah, we can do a swap That's fun. I just. I just went in into Tom Freeman. The owner our the owner of ninety five point three the rebel and ninety seven seven guest fm m out of Memphis. What we're in a we're in a freaking battle royale right now. Well, matt. What'd you do? He... No. I didn't do anything. It's him. I called him and called him a dirty download. You know. Because he... I mean, he he's he screwed the the deal that we had, and I... I I called it in the beginning. As the that I thought that every time pointed to, you know, he milk me for knowledge and he... Sent he any he back toward me and set up a a text platform. Then why are you giving away your intellectual property for free? It's not that I can't go away for free. It's just that, you know, my that information. Well, I mean, that's it's like that for all my clients. I mean, they're gonna... This consultation. They're gonna... You know, how I I consultant them. Should I get consultant tom. And they have many white different white labels, and I didn't I didn't think he was gonna... He was just gonna be a download dirty bass like that. Oh my god? I hope none of the kids are in the car with you, matt. No. I was actually up here in Old branch because I had to do a landscape. I I got called to do a landscape and job, and I was gonna, you know today is today and so you do. So I was just tag as much stuff into the car as possible, and then, hopefully, they'll extend it one more day so I can get Maddie step to add to come up here tomorrow with the trailer. And get the rest out. Alright. Yeah, yeah. If you need to do a swap. That's fine. I mean, if you're not... If you don't thank you for me good idea to get Lydia this come in weekends, that's fine. And if you just rather her wait and get her the following weekend, you know, whenever your sister can come down. And I think it'll be much more enjoyable to all of us. Yeah know. Be go today. Yeah. Golly Lilly, that comes at a bad time. So... Like every last dollar. It is gone to rent. And then and then my my my money gets turned off for a week. And then goes right into that anniversary. Well, Matt, look at it this way, at least, you have your rent paid up for a month, and now you have to place to store today I I was being sarcastic. Oh one know. So Just to check with e and see. Okay. Maddie Maddie just called. Let me let me call her back, make sure everything's alright. Alright. Alright. Bye.