Source file: 20200707 020133-06C3B3B9.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch7 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: HIGH-VALUE-LtCol-Lee-Morrison-Tannehill-Bundren-courthouse-safety

Can we? Yes. I'm looking for lieutenant Colonel Lee Morrison? I can get a math who speaking with? My name is Matt Rear. I'm did Matt, Can you spell your last name please? It's our e a r d o n. Okay. And our phone number where you say Reach mister? 662 or 892-0132. I I don't know who... I don't know who else. I don't I don't I don't know who else to turn to. The Fbi is obstructing justice and destroying evidence, the Us attorney's office is pushing things underneath the table. They're they're covering up what the Fbi has done. As far as their obstruction and this all goes back to, what I believe is the largest public corruption scandal to ever rock the state of Mississippi. One one of the largest. If not the Lu largest. And my statute of limitations is running out. I have until July 5, before I... My three year statute limitations runs out. I've I've done a documentary called writing with the outlaw to gather the proof. I knew I was framed all along. I've have gathered undeniable proof. This was a quid pro quo plot to get me out of the way and silence me. To help protect the incoming mayor, Robin Tan Hill. Who was election Where is this mayor, sir? The in Lafayette in Oxford, Oxford, Mississippi. Okay. And I don't know what to do whenever the Fbi is has destroyed, it... From from what I've gathered from two separate phone calls. The Fbi is not complying with a public records request with a you to produce the three zero two from 05/25/2017. The Lafayette County sheriff's department have refused to comply with public records request, they they they were complying in the beginning. But when it came out that Investigator Jared Blu received a mystery phone call on 05/24/2017, and and it was not from the alleged party that that they charged me with the time. I I fo the recorded phone call from May 24, they have refused to comply, and everything points to, I I can't say with certainty. But they're they're trying their best to obstruct to not let this this crucial piece of evidence come out. Okay? Let me get somewhat let me get another 62 now so he can get get you some sister. So... Yes, ma'am. It is it is horrible. Like, literally last night. I went to the square to document the Courthouse. And every single every single law enforcement agents, every single law enforcement officer converged on the square. There's probably thirty thirty five officers on the square definitely didn't feel safe there. But I I I know they're they're doing their best to make sure that this information does not come to light, and I have a feeling. I'm I'm worried about my own safety because I'm in the two week window before my statute to limitations runs. Okay. So let me get a message. Let me get a message out real quick. 6 it's 28520132. This a bell number or an office number? The cell number. Okay. Mister rick, I'll get you message out. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.