Source file: 20201030 145701-4ED8538B.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch7 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: HIGH-VALUE-Oxford-Eagle-Wilburn-libel-lead

Nolan, may we help you? Yes, sir. I was I was transferred to the publisher for the Oxford Eagle? Is this... Is this the publisher... Are y'all the publisher? She's I'm not the publisher on the editor of the bates paper, but the I but the Eagle publisher is here today. Okay. Can I speak with the Eagle Publisher, please? What would you like to speak with her? Yes, sir. Hello? Yes. Okay. Hold on just minute. Okay. Rebecca, You? I'm sending you right over, brother. Alright. Thank you. Hello. Rebecca. Hey, Hey. This is Matt Rear. And how are you doing? Okay. How are you matt Rear? And you are the outlaw abandoned person who send us all types of stuff. I'm the Oxford outlaw. Yeah. What can do for you. Well, I spoke with y'all said lady in charge. The one that that had just recently had a baby about a week ago. Yeah. She was anna Anna Anna gu. Yeah? And she was gonna have the reporter to reach out to me. We've got a we've got a pretty big issue. There an article that was published by the Oxford Eagle of May 2017 that had highly inaccurate information published. In fact, it was it was mainly the fault of of Alan Wilbur. Because he was the one that gave you all the information. And and it was libel. On his behalf, he he spoke, accurately, non factual did not use the word allegedly. And that's a... He, you know, that's a big deal. He he knows better than that I've I've confronted him about it. He doesn't have the evidence. He won't produce the evidence, and I know the burden proof he needs and showed the evidence. I I know for a fact that things he said we're we're, you know, untrue, and that's what people went off of. And so I need a... You know... Did you just talk to Anna, did you just did you just talk to Anna today, or was this this week? I talked to her about a week ago. And I yet to hear from a reporter. I Okay. She and I had not talked... I know that this was the start of, soccer season and football season and base if that's, and we really have, just one guy. Right is really, the that probably handled that. And so his schedule has been non stop. I don't know where that is in the process. That's, and but I will talk to Anna and figure out who she's assigned. Okay. She may have son this to a freely. Or. I don't know. Okay Y'all do y'all need some free Y'all need some freelance investigative help? We we need some free freelance. That's what we need. Good. We we do have some we do have some paid free free ends. Yeah. Well, No. Not not really. I guess, I guess what I what I need, you know, from the Oxford Eagle is. So so Matt, it's... I I tell you what So if you'll check back with me, we're we're on deadline for today. So if you check back with me, Monday or Tuesday, I will have an answer of who that's been assigned to and what Okay. What the what the what the staff assist that. Yeah. And I need them to reach out to Alan Wilbur and try to pressure him to produce the proof if he can't, then there obviously needs to be a correction article that goes up. Okay. Well, I we will we'll investigate this. Okay. Let me... Let's see what hooked up with this. Okay. Alright. Thank you so much. Alright. Thank you. Bye bye. Alright.