Source file: 20200122-135956_101_+16628327841_Outgoing_Auto_1188714075036.mp3
Batch: Recordings-root batch7 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: mentions-East-lowvalue

Hello? Hey. Hey. Is there any way you can maybe meet up with me now. We are coming through Sales Agent agent packed down. And by the time we get to two flow, it's gonna be 03:30, which means that I would have to immediately turn around and you go to Hana. Okay. And I I wish I had, I wish we left a little bit earlier because there's still a few... You know, a few gifts, Christmas gifts for Lydia and Emmy that I would've have loved for them to open, but I mean, it's I guess we can do that next time. It's just taken from a sense sensible standpoint. I don't think it would make... I don't think it would make much sense. If I need meet up with you at 04:00 to This an hour and a half from where I'm at right now to the house. How's What been doing? I knowing the shit out of me. Being a five year old. My how has she been feeling? Like, it's, you know, she been, you know, like, logistic or feeling sick or... No. I think she's she's she's good. It just a temporary bug. You feel better today. Right lydia? Lydia. You feel better today. Right? Hey. Answer me. Do you feel better today? The concentration with five year old. Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Ended if if he, she's she's completely she's been completely addicted to the, Mckenna Rose. Dedication videos on Youtube. So if she asked about that. And wants to hear, you type the mckenna rose to hyphen Okay. Did you want meet me in Holly Springs? Hello? Honestly, I like to give it... Hey. Can you hear me? Yeah. I mean, if you know, if there's stuff that the girls are wanting to do, and, you know, I would really prefer that, Lydia has just. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah. I gotta get... We're getting rid of this front. I'm wanted fourteen day window. Alright. What'd you say? I said, if you wanted to keep her one more night, you know, I think that would be better. That way, we can at least give her one more day where we know for sure that she's not gonna, you know, send above or whatever. Okay. I mean... Gotten sick. And hadn't gotten sick yet, but she's the one that she'll actually carry a bug for probably two weeks before she starts. Of course she really gets sick. And then all of a sudden, everybody's... Everybody's good, and then she brings it right back. Yeah. But, you know, at the same time, and Clear was sick too. So, I mean, it it's says you know matt, That stuff revamp back and forth. And Just... I'm driving right now. Hold on. Do you wanna to see if you better sit back there and play the quiet again. Hello? Hi. Hi. Yeah. So, I mean, me, personally, I would like to give it one more day before I send her back to school. Alright, this is fine. Yeah. Because, you know, this is a rough season. You know, if we've had a relatively warm winter, and we're just now getting somewhat cold temperatures. So, hopefully, you know, hopefully you know, the colder stuff will kinda, you know, kill some stuff off, you know, viruses and whatnot. Yeah. So let's let's give it one more night. And that way, the girl can, you know, open their Christmas presence and whatnot. They can do all that with you y'all all and, you know, get to catch up all stuff. So, I mean... We hadn't been we hadn't been over a month. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's, you know, that's on. Not a little lot. That'll frame me out that way if I'm through anything I need to take care of after my conference this evening, I can get that done. Okay. So I've got some stuff take care of for work. Alright. Let me call Maddie behind us and and let her know. I was gonna tell you, Lafayette County is offering pre tuition for parents who have children in free case. U. I'm actually going back to rec my Emt license stuff. And that's why, direct employment through batches and all that stuff. And so whenever my investment divorce final, I'll be in a position to where I can provide you know, good insurance is Lydia. Yeah. Because we're we're not gonna qualify o'clock or Medicaid or anything like that for at least three other because the trust phone tech that goes back to Alright. So the first meeting of, you know, the pre tuition, and all this stuff and everything with we'll say County that's the conference that I have to go to this evening. Yeah. We get everything set up Alright. Hello. You who. Alright. Well, lydia. Yeah. Stay tonight? Stay another night. Alright. Alright. Well, can you hear me? Alright. Well, let me go. Alright. Well, get to my. Let her know I miss her. I she's feeling a little better though. Oh, yeah. Alright. Good deal. It. We'll drive space and call out and whatnot, and, know, we'll, you know, just touch base. Alright. It sounds good. Alrighty. Alright. Alright. Bye. Bye.