Source file: 20200701 123932-C3D79D0B.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch7 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: FOIA-sheriff-attorney-call

Hi, Man. I was about to respond to you sometime time. So we've given you everything that is allowed under public records request, which are incident reports, and that's what you've been given. So the conversation that I have mister O'donnell yesterday 04:00, where he said that he was sending... From behind you? This, I guess, It's already bad enough that that they're not producing their recorded phone call, which which I don't really record. I don't believe that for a second. Okay. I don't. I mean, if I call whether take us right now on their phone, they're not. They're crooked and corrupt as they can be. Okay Okay. Well, that's So I've given you everything under Understand Well, I guarantee a phone log. The call log, which honey How are you? I guarantee they have that, which You know, it wouldn't be hard, which that'll just, you know, I'll I'll subpoena out subpoena that. Nothing else. Just But it won't be hard to show what phone number came into the sheriff's department. At whatever time jared bun received that call over there. So whether there's a recording or not, they're still identifying information. County can lie and ga it off all day. They want to. At the end of the day, it's not gonna change the fact that they're not gonna be able to alter a call. Fun alarm. And that's where they find themselves. They're obstructing equipment. It's sick, because they know that they frame you. They know that this is a political quid pro quo plus. I don't know anything about all that. I wanna know is what I in that. I don't have a phone call or give you... I've giving you everything under the public record. Press we're allowed to give him? I just I just talked I don't county attorney yesterday. One of the fine one for county parcel. And what did he say? We've given him everything under the public request that we're allowed to give. Of he he told me he was about to look over it, but was gonna send it over to you to get to me within the next thirty minutes to an hour. And now it's like, you know, if it was not the Tanner Hills. The county wouldn't be trying this hard to keep that person masked. They wouldn't do it for anybody else. Guarantee it. I don't know anything about who was involved with anything. I'm just telling you about your public records express and what we can even what I'm a. This is a joke. I don't... Not been given anything else. To to even discuss with you about it. Don't... I don't know what any of other documents might be that would not be considered incident reports that they, you know, can't give or what? Have you ever heard of trickle down in corruption? Mh. Yeah. And that's the problem that the city finds a city and County finds itself in. There are a lot of... Most of the officers at the sheriff's department. Great people. Great officers. The problem is the corrupt leadership. Everybody's got somebody above them. I've got this twisting your wrist. I apologize. You probably got somebody twisting your wrist. You may wanna do the right thing, but somebody's twisting your wrist. And that's what's what... That's what's unfortunate. Is it pins people in an awkward position. That's all I to take you. So I'm sorry. This is this is unbelievable. Unbelievable. M. Alright. I'm holding a press conference. Thank you.