Source file: 20210419 060200-BE6967BC.m4a
Batch: Recordings-root batch7 -- transcribed via Deepgram STT (2026-07-31)
Category: family-personal-lowvalue

Much? It's a. There's a $500 transfer. Nine account that correct? Yes. But I've done this before. And this is, like, the third time I've done it, and it's always taken two days. Like, like, after I initiated, two business days later billing. I did it on the fourteenth. Okay. The you. And it shows that it was cleared on their end on the fifteenth. Correct. So there's should... And at the account. That's why they transferred I get out of the account here. It shows anything. Standard account is three fifty days. Thank still in your time for. I am. Okay. Is there any... Not quite five seven hundred minutes. Deposits out of the account is not on over or anything since the transmission. The doesn't show that the box has been deposit out of the account. If they have already left your nine Wells fargo account. The just have your fargo account as yet. Not free doing your time free. I just... I just don't understand when, like, they've they legitimately, you know, it's it's transferred. I mean, it showed that it was it was cleared on on transitioning. And, you know, I've done this before. It's it's only taken two days before. So I mean, I just... I don't know... We've had just non stop problems of Wells Fargo since since the day, we opened our account. Our card has gotten flagged for fraud countless times, we've been out at Target it happened the other night. And, I mean, it's just... It it is just more protocol and red tape than anything that I've ever seen. But it is Wells Fargo holding, but but it is Wells Fargo holding my funds because it's it's it's not just... I I guess because right now, what... The way I see it is is it's fraudulent. Wells Fargo is trying to capitalize on extra interest by holding onto to the money. I mean if they do that, Spain across the entire country. I mean, that's... Yes. I right now. Thank you. Thank thank you It's Matthew Rear. Thank you for Trevor. Really appreciated it. And I understand. Thank you for calling. On a recorded a bank bank transfer appreciated your. Yes. And it's not the first time that I've done this. That's what I'm saying. Like, like, Wells Fargo had just changed this up, clearly on me. And and, you know, it's it's got me left between a rock and a hard place. It seems like the entire time that I've been with Wells Fargo, we've had a deal with nonstop fraud. You know, Just just, like, the card getting marked fraud and shut off temporarily. It times we needed it the most. And and, you know, now looking at it, it seems that that you know, it's... That that Wells Fargo needs to be hitting that button on themselves because, I mean, here, I'm stuck... I'm I'm I'm left in a position of of not having any money when I initiated the transfer on actually the fourteenth it showed clear on their end on the fifteenth. Can here it is the nineteenth, and I'm being told, I've still got another day inside of the window when that's the the first time that that this money has been held this long, and I need answers. I need my money. I need... I, this... That's the whole point I have. The. Yes. It's that was wednesday today. But thursday Friday or two minutes days which today be the third business. Correct? So today would be the third business day. So it should have, I I figured and some money didn't pop into my account. I got another direct deposit on Saturday morning. That is, you know, when these are transferred or when the direct deposit sent on those. It's it always hits the account two days later. So I figured since that didn't hit with the other direct deposit on Saturday. I just figured naturally, it was going to hit my account on Monday. Which just today. And I know that that transact... Or that deposits would have posted by now. And I'm just sitting here at a loss that I'd, you know, I sent this transfer on the fourteenth, and I still... Like, what it's it's left their end, and I know that the way that money transfers are electronic. I mean, there's... So the money is is clearly it's not in the limbo. It's not up in the air. It's it's not in my account over there. It's just cleared, so the the other place that it could be is in the hand of Wells Fargo. And as I told the lady can't the amount. 500. Okay. Thank you for your patiently patience and that would you completed get this transfer. Did you receive an alert you didn't confirm that you been initiated it? I mean, Company were me has balance update, but I'm not seeing where the card was... That g routing our website to initiated or get you initiated through their website. I initiated you their website. From theirs? Yes. Okay. I try I understand truck survey it is not to have got to speed the credit. We just the end never federal resource. So we have paid transactions. We did 98 You see have not the transaction for Monday. That occurred in tonight. So very well if you get in during processing. Know saying they can be done the trade on the I added image cleared their side. I already in I mean, because because... See, here's here's the thing. It's it's it's unemployment money. And so it's kinda... It's it's, like a a desperate need for it I've got four kids. And... Oh, wow. And I have four kids as well possibly understand you know, how critical it is to receive these funds. At this term out I'm not seeing... That deposit. There the option that they would add can give us a callback and we can determine it with the status, the other option. You may place trade from the other bank. And they just tell where he again they been able to determine awareness in the class to cut access. She was issues of their side. Okay. Because, I mean, these people don't even have, like, I don't think We don't have a number to call. It's it's... Like it's it's... Statement could've of a bank bank I could do issue through what supplies we another... Account to another bank or direct deposit? Yeah. I mean, it's a... Well, Well no. So unemployment deposits to this one, you know, card or or bank it just switched over. It's called the way to go card, and I lost that card a while back, and I haven't ordered another one yet. And so whenever money is in there, I just immediately initiate a fund transfer. And it says that, you know, it says that it takes... It says it can take two to three days, but I mean, the last time I did. I believe I it twice actually. It's only taking two days. That, you know, two days after after I I initiate the transfer, it is in my account. So